A I Y O U R E N T E R P R I S E
Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Building enterprises in the age of AI
Over the past two years, we’ve seen rapid growth in AI systems are used fairly and responsibly so that they can
awareness, usage, and investment. The hunger to learn fast truly serve the enterprise at scale.
and experiment faster has been insatiable. With growing
Applying AI at a scale that can power the entire
ease of use and increasing access to AI assistants, co-pilots
enterprise involves building AI capabilities mindfully. This
and tools, AI use-cases and pilots have mushroomed and
entails nurturing a robust data strategy, investing in AI
burgeoned across the enterprise, with some value realized.
infrastructure optimization, while also systemically building
The unbridled enthusiasm around AI has meant that CXOs
capacity to deepen algorithmic efficiencies and improve
are no longer having to advocate for the value of AI within
model performance. In many ways, this is about reframing
the enterprise. Instead, they can invest now in scaling,
the status quo for an AI-first future – with sustained value
driving adoption and governing.
in mind. Leaders embrace a hybrid approach to power their
The distinct opportunity is to build with AI to amplify the AI flywheels. They need flexibility of infrastructure – both
potential of employees, and modernize systems and how rental and owned models – to bring them the control that
they empower people working within the organization, they need over the environment, along with the potential
to increase efficiency, productivity, and innovation. This in to drive efficiencies in the long run, in addition to security
turn can transform the value these businesses can bring and compliance efficiencies as well.
to their customers. By strategically implementing AI and
We are building templates for AI success – industry after
ensuring it complements human capabilities, businesses
industry, business after business – for enterprise-scale
can significantly improve customer proposition and
value generation for our clients. We are helping them
service, leading to increased satisfaction, loyalty, and
AI their enterprise in ways that are changing the game
ultimately, better business outcomes.
for them today and giving them a head start into the
This endeavor can be multi-tiered and complex. AI future. Some interesting examples, as case studies, make
experiments are often heterogeneous, requiring diverse for interesting and quick reading later in this Integrated
data and tech stacks that necessitate building entire new Annual Report. In many ways, it’s exactly what you’d expect
architectural foundations before value can be realized. from a partner whose promise to enterprises is – navigate
There is also the need to focus on making sure that AI your next.
Scan here to access the digital version of the Infosys Integrated Annual Report.
The cover and theme pages images have been created using gen AI tools.
IInnffoossyyss IInntteeggrraatteedd AAnnnnuuaall RReeppoorrtt 22002244--2255 33
Americana Restaurants is the largest out-of-home errors, and optimizing costs. The integration of agentic
dining and quick-service restaurant operator in their 12 AI that followed has made their invoice processing
countries of operation across the Middle East and North largely autonomous. AI agents process invoices end-
Africa. With strong franchisor partnerships and a diverse to-end and offer support for multiple languages while
portfolio of iconic global brands, including KFC, Pizza managing complex validations and diverse expense
Hut, Hardee’s, Krispy Kreme, Peet’s Coffee, Wimpy, TGI types and processing exceptions with minimal human
Friday’s, Costa Coffee, and Baskin Robbins, the company intervention. When required, users enjoy a highly
delivers world-class dining experiences. Their growth, intuitive user interface that only requires them to access
in recent years, has been so rapid that it was starting a very simple training that serves them well across
to strain their technology infrastructure, exposing devices, from desktops to mobiles.
limitations in their ability to scale to demand. They
Infosys’ agentic AI-powered cloud-based Accounts
sought out Infosys’ expertise to help them establish
Payable solution is among the first of its kind anywhere
a state-of-the-art BPM framework that would bring
in the world that empowers Americana Restaurants to:
transparency and efficiency into their process ecosystem
while prioritizing their vital enterprise Accounts Payable • Not only process invoices with minimal human
processes for AI-powered transformation. intervention but predict and plan for future
transactions
Infosys started at the foundation, completely
reimagining Americana Restaurants’ document-centric • Adapt the accounts payable environment
workflows for an enterprise set to turn AI-first. The dynamically to process deviations, reduce errors,
deployment of Infosys Accounts Payable Solution on and increase accuracy
the cloud and its application enterprise-wide ensured
• Leverage Microsoft Azure GPT-4 Omni for
that Americana Restaurants significantly improved
continuous learning and operational improvements
efficiency, reducing processing times, minimizing
“Our partnership with Infosys has helped us embrace enterprise AI and transform
the way we manage finance operations. With AI, our invoice processing is faster,
more accurate, and far more future-proofed. This leap forward has also meant
bringing more intelligence into our Accounts Payable, and we are looking to apply
that learning into other areas of our organization.”
– Harsh Bansal, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Growth Officer, Americana Restaurants
Americana Restaurants:
Reimagining Accounts Payable
with agentic AI
4 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 5
Sunrise: Amplifying intelligence in Sunrise is Switzerland’s leading challenger, with a strong and loyalty in addition to enabling targeted marketing
number two position in the Swiss telecommunications and improving customer support efficiency.
market and is listed on SIX Swiss Exchange (SUNN).
customer engagement, operations Sunrise is also investing in robotic process automation
Based on its best-in-class, future-fit networks, Sunrise
for back-office operations and plans to implement the
provides high-quality mobile, landline, broadband and
& employee experience Infosys AIOps platforms to automate incident detection,
TV services to residential customers, and empowers
root cause analysis, and resolution, thereby enhancing
business customers with 360° communications and
operational efficiency and service reliability. By adopting
integrated ICT solutions for connectivity, security and
the full Microsoft M365 suite, Sunrise is nurturing a
IoT advancing their digitalization.
fully modern, AI-driven, cloud-based collaborative
The company’s IT strategy is built around customer- workplace, in collaboration with Infosys.
centric innovation, operational excellence, infrastructure
To share experiences and accelerate responsible
modernization and digital transformation. One of the
AI innovation at scale, Sunrise has created an AI
key technologies supporting the digital transformation
Community of Practice across the enterprise, governed
is AI, with one of its building blocks being a unified
by the CIO unit together with the contribution of all
data platform which aggregates data from various
business units and enablement functions. This helps the
sources (customer interactions, network performance,
entire organization remain aligned on new uses cases,
billing, etc.) and has already been implemented by
on the learnings, and the underlying technologies,
Sunrise. Additional building blocks that are being
security and ethical guidelines while also working
worked on are AI/ML models to generate actionable
effectively. Sunrise CIO department partnered with
insights for personalized customer experiences,
Infosys, building on this foundation to further drive
predictive maintenance, and fraud detection as well as
AI initiatives.
comprehensive self-service options tailored to digitally
savvy customers. The goal is to drive customer retention
“Sunrise is committed to continuing to focus on delivering exceptional quality
services at the right cost. It is this commitment that has made us the carrier of
choice for many in Switzerland. The new offers around digital services will mean
that our customers will have even more options and services at their fingertips.
We appreciate Infosys’ partnership on this journey.”
– Anna Maria Blengino, Chief Information Officer, Sunrise GmbH
6 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 7
Posti is a versatile, modern, and international logistics and unified view of its entire IT landscape. This has
company with nearly 400 years of experience. Today, dramatically reduced critical process downtime for
the company connects people and companies with the company by over 90%, and helped it shift from
postal services, parcels, e-commerce, and freight reactive to predictive incident management.
services, in addition to warehouse and logistics across
• Proactive IT operations management: Posti
the Nordic and Baltic countries. Posti was early to
leverages GitHub Copilot to accelerate legacy code
embrace the power of enterprise AI to accelerate the
comprehension and improve its application lifecycle
transformation of its IT landscape and amplify its ability
management. Furthermore, the deployment of
to deliver exceptional services, optimize operations, and
Nanoheal, a self-help/self-heal tool, along with a
strengthen its position as a leading delivery and logistics
generative AI-powered chatbot, drives proactive
provider.
resolution of IT incidents across the company. These
In partnership with Infosys, Posti was quick to create an innovations have also resulted in reduced support
AI-powered efficient and customer centric organization call volumes for the organization along with dips of
with: almost 40% in Mean Time to Resolution.
• Enhanced operational efficiency and observability: • Accelerated application development: GitHub
By implementing Infosys’ Live Enterprise Application Copilot has significantly increased the pace of Posti’s
Management Platform with embedded generative software development lifecycle. The capability
AI capabilities, Posti has fully transformed its has boosted the company’s application lifecycle
business process monitoring. The Platform productivity by approximately 35%, accelerating
addresses visibility gaps, enabling automated both application development and deployment.
monitoring and AI-based incident triaging. By This enables Posti to bring new and enhanced
correlating insights from the Infosys platform with services to market faster, strengthening its
its other platforms, Posti has a comprehensive competitive edge in a fast-changing marketplace.
“As we navigate the next phase of our evolution with enterprise AI,
with Infosys, Posti will not only become a leader in the logistics and
e-commerce sector, but a true digital frontrunner in the Nordics.”
– Petteri Naulapää, CIO and SVP, ICT and Digitalisation, Posti Group
Posti: Where the future
of logistics is AI-first
8 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 9
Hatch is a global engineering, project delivery, and and to optimize operations by leveraging gen AI
professional services firm. Whatever clients envision, responsibly at enterprise scale. They invited Infosys to
their teams design and build. With over six decades partner with them on this journey.
of business and technical experience in the mining,
As an example of progress made early on as they
energy, and infrastructure sectors, they understand
navigated the enterprise AI landscape, Hatch leveraged
clients’ business challenges. They respond quickly
AI-powered virtual assistants and agentic AI to amplify
with solutions that are smarter, more efficient, and
their engineers, boost their productivity and enable
innovative. They draw upon their 10,000-strong staff,
them to resolve queries faster. These AI-based solutions
with experience in over 150 countries, to challenge the
integrate seamlessly with Hatch’s existing systems,
status quo and create positive change.
ensuring efficient project delivery.
As a digitally mature organization, Hatch is continuously
On a related front, Hatch’s leading AI work for
investing into and innovating with integrating AI, data
brownfield assets is allowing them to digitize their
analytics, and automation for engineering and project
existing infrastructure using photogrammetry
management processes. With a strong foundation laid
and lasergrammetry technologies to produce the
for robust systems and processes along with reliable
corresponding intelligent 3D models and digital twins.
data, Hatch started to accelerate their decision-making
“Our strategic vision for enterprise AI leverages the benefits of the technology
but ensures that all decisions regarding our engineering work are made by
capable human staff. Enterprise AI is a robust enabler that we use to provide
additional benefits and cost efficiencies for our clients. We are leveraging
Infosys’ services and pioneering research in AI to help us achieve these goals.”
– Maurice Tayeh, Global Chief Information Officer, Hatch
Hatch: Smartly reengineering
our world for good
10 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 11
Citizens: Transforming
from the core for the age of
Citizens Financial Group, headquartered in Providence, payment rails for operations. This tool brings in the
intelligence everywhere
Rhode Island, is one of the nation’s oldest and largest required application operational automation and drives
financial institutions in America. Citizens offers a broad efficiency in managing applications across the Citizens’
range of retail and commercial banking products and landscape. With this collaboration, Infosys will help
services, including tailored advice, ideas and solutions, bring efficiencies at scale and reduce time to market
to individuals, small businesses, middle-market for Citizens. These are but examples of how Citizens is
companies, large corporations and institutions. Pacing seeking to leverage AI and automation, to move to a
their digitalization, keeping security and customer more agile operating model. The approach also factors
privacy top of mind, Citizens is executing on a data-first, in appropriate guardrails for security and governance.
cloud-first platforms strategy and has a foundational The bank has also successfully undertaken massive
advantage for their next – AI-first transformation. upskilling of their staff to prepare for success in the time
of AI.
Citizens, in collaboration with Infosys, has already
achieved significant milestones including establishing By AI-enabling their core landscape, Citizens is also
their robust data lake, MDM aka Citizens Customer fostering an ecosystem of valuable fintech and
Master (CCM) and developing key enterprise APIs. hyperscaler collaborations for the bank. Even as they
Citizens has also started harnessing Microsoft Copilot, enhance operational resilience and stability, Citizens
for their engineers to develop code. In partnership with is looking to deliver highly differentiating, hyper-
Infosys, Citizens evaluated the tool LEAP to provide personalized AI-powered customer experiences.
real-time end-to-end business observability on the
“Infosys has been a key strategic collaborator in Citizens’ next-gen transformation
program including our journey to becoming AI-powered. Together, we have not only
modernized our technology landscape with a robust data fabric and cloud native
platforms but also built a solid foundation for future growth aligned with Citizens’
north star technology vision without losing focus on resiliency and stability.”
– Michael Ruttledge, CIO, Citizens Bank
12 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 13
Contents
Delivering value
44 Financial Capital
16 About this report 46 Human Capital
48 Intellectual Capital
Corporate overview
50 Natural Capital
18 About Infosys
52 Manufactured Capital
19 Global presence
54 Social and Relationship Capital
20 The Infosys Board of Directors
26 The Infosys leadership team Statutory reports
58 Board’s report
Performance overview
70 Annexures to the Board’s report
28 Business highlights
99 Management’s discussion and analysis
30 Chairman’s message
110 Corporate governance report
32 Letter to the Shareholder
147 Investor contacts
34 Awards and recognitions
149 Risk management report
159 Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Approaching value creation
208 CEO and CFO certification
39 Our business context
41 Strategy Financial statements
42 Value creation model
209 Standalone
292 Consolidated
For the digital version of the Infosys Integrated Annual Report, visit:
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/annual-report/annual-reports/ar-2024-25.html
14 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 15
About this report
An introduction to the report Our capitals
Infosys adopted the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Auditors’ reports
The capitals, as described below, provide a holistic perspective of how short, medium and long-term value is created
principles to disclose performance on non-financial The Auditors’ Report for fiscal 2025 from Deloitte Haskins
and preserved at Infosys. The capitals are simultaneously inter-dependent and mutually beneficial as they create
aspects of the business 17 years ago and also became the & Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration
synergy across the organization. Our strategy, ESG vision and ambitions help to channel all inputs through the capitals
first IT company to publish sustainability performance Number 117366W/ W-100018) does not contain any to manifest into the most impactful outputs and outcomes for all stakeholders.
in accordance with the GRI G4 (comprehensive) criteria qualification, reservation or adverse remark. The Report is
in 2014. enclosed with the financial statements in this Integrated
Our Integrated Annual Report provides a comprehensive Annual Report.
overview of our company’s performance and progress The Secretarial Auditors’ Report for fiscal 2025 from
over the past year. It includes quantitative and qualitative Makarand M. Joshi of Makarand M. Joshi & Co., Company
disclosures on material topics, such as financial Secretaries, does not contain any qualification, reservation Financial Capital Human Capital Intellectual Capital
performance, environmental sustainability, social or adverse remark. The Secretarial Auditors’ Report is
responsibility, and our relationship with our stakeholders. enclosed with this Integrated Annual Report. We obtain our Financial Capital Nurturing talent for the future is Our Intellectual Capital is driven by
It also describes our strategy, leadership commitment and through the funds generated from essential for our continued success. Our agility, flexibility, and innovation.
The Independent Assurance Statement for our BRSR core our business operations and financing culture is at the center of everything We are committed to working with
culture that celebrates people, performance and purpose.
disclosures from Deloitte Haskins & Sells is available as part activities. Our strong performance we do, shaping us into who we are experts, partners, academia, and other
The Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 has been of this Integrated Annual Report. Additionally, select non- on the back of meticulous execution today. Over the past 40 years, our stakeholders to develop new products
prepared in accordance with the International Integrated financial sustainability disclosures in this Integrated Annual over the years, as reflected in the values, excellence, collaboration, and and services that meet the needs of our
Reporting Framework, developed by the International Report are assured by Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP. combination of high growth, strong most importantly, our people have customers and communities. With iCETS,
cash generation and profitability, has molded our unique culture We have the Living Labs, the Infosys Innovation
Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC), the GRI Standard and
Management’s review led to building a strong, debt-free, and long-established paths for employee Network (IIN) and Infosys Business
the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
liquid Balance Sheet. Our focus is on upskilling and reskilling, and our efforts Incubator, we have a broad portfolio
This report also includes the Business Responsibility and This Integrated Annual Report has been reviewed and
ensuring a sustainable and profitable have been well-rewarded, providing of offerings across industry segments,
Sustainability Report (BRSR), prepared in accordance with approved, for publication, by the Management of the financial position. value to our people and us. Infosys while the Infosys Prize and Aarohan
the guidelines issued by the Securities and Exchange Board Company. remains committed to nurture an Social Innovation Awards provide a
of India (SEBI). We have also mapped our contribution to inclusive workplace for our diverse platform for innovators and social
Feedback
talent. entrepreneurs, respectively.
the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) through the
Infosys ESG report. Share your feedback about the report to
investors@infosys.com.
The financial and statutory data disclosed in the
statutory sections of this report meet the requirements
of the Companies Act, 2013 (including the rules made
thereunder) and the applicable SEBI Regulations.
Natural Capital Manufactured Capital Social and Relationship
Climate action has been a key focus As strong advocates of environmental Capital
area in protecting and preserving our stewardship extending beyond
Our Social and Relationship Capital
Natural Capital. We have been at the our boundaries, our Manufactured
guides us to bring the interests of our
forefront of the ESG movement and Capital includes our energy-efficient
stakeholders to the fore. As enterprises
became carbon neutral in 2020, which offices, data centers, innovation hubs,
focus on reshaping their businesses
was 30 years ahead of the timeline digital studios, and our technology
in the digital era, we are helping our
set by the Paris Agreement. We have infrastructure across the globe. With
clients drive transformation. Our
maintained carbon neutrality for six the highest-rated green buildings
social ambition focuses on serving the
years in a row. We are now evolving on our campuses and investments
development of people by shaping a
from carbon neutrality to climate in collaborative tech infrastructure,
future with meaningful opportunities
positivity — investing in regenerative we offer productive, safe and healthy
for all. We deliver on expectations
practices, nature-based solutions, and workplaces for employees, clients and
of nurturing social innovations and
green innovation to restore ecosystems contractors.
enabling employability through
and capture more carbon than we
skill training of communities. Our
emit. Our commitment is not just to
global CSR efforts address challenges
reduce harm, but to create lasting
across education, healthcare, women
environmental value.
empowerment, science and research,
environmental sustainability and more.
16 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 17
Corporate overview
About Infosys
In 2025, we undertook a refresh of
our ESG Vision 2030 and confirmed Our Purpose
our continued commitment to To amplify human
responsible business to shape potential and create the
and share solutions that serve the
next opportunity for
development of businesses and
people, businesses and
communities. We reaffirmed our
communities long-standing focus across core areas
including climate change, nurturing
workplace inclusivity, employee
Our Values
wellness and experience, amplifying
Our Company’s Code of Conduct communities, corporate governance,
data privacy and information stands on the strong foundation
management. set by our values, encapsulated in
the acronym C-LIFE.
Client value
3,23,578 To surpass client expectations Employees consistently
1,869 Leadership by example
To set standards in our business
Active clients
and transactions and be an
exemplar for the industry and
`1,62,990 cr
ourselves
Total revenues in fiscal 2025
Integrity and transparency
To be ethical, sincere and open in
all our transactions
Fairness
To be objective and transaction-
oriented, and thereby earn trust
and respect
Excellence
To strive relentlessly, constantly
improve ourselves, our teams, our
services and products to become
the best
18 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 19
weivrevo
etaroproC
ecneserp
labolG
etarepo
ew
erehw
seirtnuoC
yhpargoeg
yb
euneveR
52-4202
snoigeR
,enuP
ni
eciffo
tnemtrapa
llams
a
ni
snoitarepo
sti nageb
sysofnI
%9.75
aciremA
htroN
.stnenitnoc
xis
ssorca
seciffo
evah
ew
,yadoT
.1891
ni ,aidnI
%8.92
eporuE
tisiv
,snoitacol
labolg ruo
fo
sliated
roF
seciffo
fo .oN
fdp.5202ecneserp-labolg/stnemucod/sgnilif-stroper/srotsevni/moc.sysofni.www//:sptth
%2.9
dlroW
eht
fo
tseR
%1.3
aidnI
seirtnuoc
fo .oN
Infosys is a global leader in next-
generation digital services and
consulting, focusing on delivering
AI, cloud and other digital solutions
for specific industries in more than
59 countries. We are the enterprise
AI partner of choice for our clients
as they navigate their business
transformation.
We enable them with an AI-first
foundation. We also empower the
business with enterprise AI, cloud,
and other digital technologies at
scale to deliver unprecedented
levels of performance and customer
delight. Our always-on learning
approach drives their continuous
improvement through building and transferring skills, expertise, and
ideas from our innovation ecosystem.
We are deeply committed to being a well-governed, environmentally
sustainable organization where
diverse talent thrives in an inclusive
workplace.
Established in 1981, from a capital of
US$250, we have grown to become a
company with a market capitalization of approximately US$75.80 billion.
In our journey of over 40 years, we
have catalyzed India’s transformation
into the global destination for software services talent. We
pioneered the Global Delivery Model
and became the first IT company
from India to be listed on NASDAQ.
dnalniF
kramneD
nedewS
sdnalrehteN
aivtaL
KU
adanaC
ainauhtiL
yesnreuG
yawroN
cilbupeR
hcezC
dnalerI
dnaloP
muigleB
airtsuA
gruobmexuL
aitaorC ainamoR
ynamreG
ASU
napaJ
ainemrA
ecnarF
aeroK
htuoS
anihC
yekruT
lagutroP
nawiaT
dna
g li n ah
o T K gnoH
aidnI
nam E O A r U ataQ
aibarA
l i e d a u r a s S I
n y a y l t r i a e l a a t t g I M s n n u e H thceiL
ociR otreuP
a o ci
c R ix a e t M soC
senippilihP
aikavolS
aisyalaM
dnalreztiwS
eropagniS
aibreS
ureP
airagluB
lizarB
niapS
suitiruaM
elihC
ailartsuA
anitnegrA
acirfA
htuoS
dnalaeZ
weN
As of March 31, 2025
Nandan M. Nilekani
Chairman and Non-Executive and
Non-Independent Director (Promoter)
Age: 69 Areas of expertise
Nationality: Indian • Financial
• Diversity
Date of appointment
• Global business
August 24, 2017
• Leadership
Tenure on Board • Information Technology
• Cybersecurity 7.6 years
• Board service & governance
Term ending date • Sales & marketing
NA • Sustainability & ESG
• Risk management
Shareholding
• Mergers & Acquisitions
4,07,83,162 shares (0.98%)
Read full profile at:
Board memberships – Indian listed companies https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/
Infosys Limited: Non-Executive and nandan-nilekani.html
Non-Independent Director
Directorship / Committee details
Board (1) Committee(2)
Chairperson 1 Nil
Member 6 Nil
(1) Number of directorships in Indian companies (includes public, private and Section 8)
(2) Chairperson is also considered a member of the Committee. Committee information includes details of only the audit and the stakeholders relationship committees
across all Indian public companies.
20 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 21
weivrevo
etaroproC
srotceriD
fo
draoB
sysofnI
ehT
:thgir
ot
tfel
morF
reyI
dnivoG
sbbiG
leahciM
reitoP
loiruA
eneleH
hkeraP
lilaS
inakeliN
.M
nadnaN
maradnuS
.D
kayaN
artihC
hkiraP
ybboB
epjnaraP
nitiN
rotceriD
tnednepednI
rotceriD
tnednepednI
rotceriD
tnednepednI
DM
dna
OEC
namriahC
rotceriD
tnednepednI
daeL
rotceriD
tnednepednI
rotceriD
tnednepednI
rotceriD
tnednepednI
The Infosys Board of Directors
As of March 31, 2025
Salil Parekh D. Sundaram Michael Gibbs Bobby Parikh
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Lead Independent Director Independent Director Independent Director
Age: 60 Age: 72 Age: 67 Age: 61
Nationality: Indian Nationality: Indian Nationality: American Nationality: Indian
Date of appointment Date of appointment Date of appointment Date of appointment
January 02, 2018 July 14, 2017 July 13, 2018 July 15, 2020
Date of reappointment Date of reappointment Date of reappointment Date of reappointment
July 01, 2022 July 14, 2022 July 13, 2021 July 15, 2023
Tenure on Board Tenure on Board Tenure on Board Tenure on Board
7.2 years 7.7 years 6.7 years 4.7 years
Term ending date Term ending date Term ending date Term ending date
March 31, 2027 July 13, 2027 July 12, 2026 July 14, 2028
Shareholding Shareholding Shareholding Shareholding
11,85,548 shares (0.03%) Nil Nil 6,887 shares (0.00%)
Board memberships – Indian listed companies Board memberships – Indian listed companies Board memberships – Indian listed Board memberships – Indian listed companies
Infosys Limited: Executive Director Infosys Limited: Independent Director companies Infosys Limited: Independent Director
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited: Infosys Limited: Independent Director Biocon Limited: Independent Director
Directorship / Committee details Independent Director and Chairperson Indostar Capital Finance Limited: Non-Executive and
Directorship / Committee details
Board (1) Committee(2) Directorship / Committee details Non-Independent Director
Board (1) Committee(2)
Chairperson Nil Nil Board (1) Committee(2)
Chairperson Nil 1 Directorship / Committee details
Member 1 Nil Chairperson 2 2
Member 1 2 Board (1) Committee(2)
Member 6 7
Areas of expertise Chairperson Nil 3
• Financial Areas of expertise Areas of expertise Member 6 6
• Diversity • Financial
• Financial
• Global business • Diversity Areas of expertise
• Diversity
• Leadership • Global business • Global business • Financial
• Information Technology • Leadership • Leadership • Diversity
• Cybersecurity • Information Technology • Information Technology • Global business
• Board service & governance • Cybersecurity • Cybersecurity • Leadership
• Sales & marketing • Board service & governance • Board service & governance • Information Technology
• Sustainability & ESG • Sustainability & ESG • Sales & marketing • Board service & governance
• Risk management • Risk management • Sustainability & ESG • Sales & marketing
• Mergers & Acquisitions • Mergers & Acquisitions • Risk management • Sustainability & ESG
• Mergers & Acquisitions
Read full profile at: • Risk management
https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/ Read full profile at: Read full profile at: • Mergers & Acquisitions
https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/
salil-parekh.html https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/
Read full profile at:
d-sundaram.html
michael-gibbs.html
https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/
bobby-parikh.html
22 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 23
The Infosys Board of Directors
As of March 31, 2025
Chitra Nayak Govind Iyer Helene Auriol Potier Nitin Paranjpe
Independent Director Independent Director Independent Director Independent Director
Age: 62 Age: 62 Age: 62 Age: 62
Nationality: American Nationality: Indian Nationality: French Nationality: British
Date of appointment Date of appointment Date of appointment Date of appointment
March 25, 2021 January 12, 2023 May 26, 2023 January 01, 2024
Date of reappointment Tenure on Board Tenure on Board Tenure on Board
March 25, 2024 2.2 years 1.8 years 1.3 years
Tenure on Board Term ending date Term ending date Term ending date
4 years January 11, 2028 May 25, 2026 December 31, 2028
Term ending date Shareholding Shareholding Shareholding
March 24, 2027 Nil Nil Nil
Shareholding
Board memberships – Indian listed companies
Board memberships – Indian listed companies Board memberships – Indian listed companies
Nil
Infosys Limited: Independent Director
Infosys Limited: Independent Director Infosys Limited: Independent Director
Hindustan Unilever Limited: Non-executive
Board memberships – Indian listed companies Directorship / Committee details Directorship / Committee details Director and Chairperson
Infosys Limited: Independent Director Board (1) Committee(2) Board (1) Committee(2)
Chairperson Nil Nil Chairperson Nil Nil Directorship / Committee details
Directorship / Committee details
Member 6 Nil Member 1 Nil Board (1) Committee(2)
Board (1) Committee(2)
Chairperson 1 Nil
Chairperson Nil Nil
Areas of expertise Areas of expertise Member 2 1(3)
Member 1 1
• Diversity • Financial
Areas of expertise
• Global business • Diversity
Areas of expertise • Leadership • Global business • Financial
• Diversity • Information Technology • Leadership • Diversity
• Global business • Cybersecurity • Information Technology • Global business
• Leadership • Board service & governance • Cybersecurity • Leadership
• Information Technology • Sales & marketing • Board service & governance • Board service & governance
• Cybersecurity • Sustainability & ESG • Sales & marketing • Sales & marketing
• Board service & governance • Risk management • Sustainability & ESG • Sustainability & ESG
• Sales & marketing • Mergers & Acquisitions • Risk management • Risk management
• Sustainability & ESG • Mergers & Acquisitions • Mergers & Acquisitions
• Risk management
Read full profile at:
• Mergers & Acquisitions Read full profile at: Read full profile at:
https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/
https://infosys.com/about/management-profiles/ https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/
govind-iyer.html
Read full profile at: helene-auriol-potier.html nitin-paranjpe.html
https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/
(1) Number of directorships in Indian companies (includes public, private and Section 8)
chitra-nayak.html
(2) Chairperson is also considered a member of the Committee. Committee information includes details of only the audit and the stakeholders relationship committees
across all Indian public companies.
(3) Appointed as a member of Audit Committee of Infosys Limited with effect from April 16, 2025
24 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 25
Corporate overview
The Infosys leadership team
Nabarun Roy Nandini S. Raja Madhusudan Shah Ruchir Budhwar
Salil Parekh Jayesh Sanghrajka Ambeshwar Nath Anand Swaminathan
Group Head – Quality Group Head – Compensation & Industry Head – Communications, Industry Head – Manufacturing
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Chief Financial Officer Industry Head – CPG, Logistics Segment Head – Communication,
Benefits Media and Technology
Director and Retail Media and Technology
Anant Raghavendra Adya Anantharaman Radhakrishnan Andrew Groth Anup Kapoor Satish H.C. Shaji Mathew Sourav S. Banerjee Subhro Mallik
Service Offering Head Chief Executive Officer and Industry Head – Banking and Chief Operating Officer and Whole Chief Delivery Officer Chief Human Resources Officer Industry Head – CPG, Logistics and Industry Head – Life Sciences
Managing Director – IBPM Financial Services, Healthcare, Time Director – IBPM Retail
Insurance and Life Sciences
Arun Kumar H.R. Ashiss Kumar Dash Balakrishna D.R. Binod Choudhary Sumit Virmani Sunil Kumar Dhareshwar Sushanth Michael Tharappan Tarang Puranik
Head – Business Strategy, Planning Segment Head – Energy, Utilities, Head – Global Services Business Head – IBPM Chief Marketing Officer Global Head – Corporate Accounting Head HR – Infosys Limited Service Offering Head
and Operations Resources and Services & Taxation, Facilities, Infrastructure
and Security
Deepak Bhalla Dennis Kantilal Gada Dinesh R. Inderpreet Sawhney Thirumala Arohi Umashankar Lakshmipathy Upendra Kohli Venkateshwaran
Chief Risk Officer & Global Head – Segment Head – Banking and Chief Delivery Officer Chief Legal Officer and Global Head – Education, Training Service Offering Head Industry Head – Communications, Ananthakrishnan
Business Finance and Operations Financial Services Chief Compliance Officer and Assessment and Head – India Media and Technology Industry Head – Healthcare
Planning Business
As of May 31, 2025
Jasmeet Singh Jayachandran Nair Karmesh Gul Vaswani Mohammed Rafee Tarafdar
Segment Head – Manufacturing Industry Head – Banking and Segment Head – CPG, Logistics Chief Technology Officer
Financial Services and Retail
26 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 27
Performance overview
Business highlights
Highest ever free cash flow of `34,549 cr for fiscal 2025
Revenues
Basic earnings per share Operating margin
Carbon neutrality
1,62,990 (par value of ₹ 5 each) 21.1
₹ cr % Carbon neutral for
64.50
6 years in a row
6.1% growth Y-o-Y Robust operating margin
8.3% growth Y-o-Y(4)
4.2% CC growth Y-o-Y Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions
Free cash flow growth(3)
Consolidated cash and
investments(1) 44.8 % Y-o-Y
47,549
₹ cr
FCF conversion at 129.2% of net profit
Continue to main strong
liquidity position
Large deal TCV
2,70,000
(Total contract value in US$ billion) +
11.6
AI Aware employees
Sustained momentum in large
deal wins continues
Lake rejuvenation projects over
the last two years, achieving an
increase of 4.3 bn liters in water
Dividend per share (in ₹) holding capacity.
Number of US$50 million + clients
43.0
60
13.2% growth Y-o-Y (2) MW
Strong client metrics with increase
of 2 clients Y-o-Y Solar captive power plants
installed
Key trends
In ₹ crore, except per equity share data FY 2025 FY 2024 FY 2023 FY 2022 FY 2021
Tech for Good
Revenues* 1,62,990 1,53,670 1,46,767 1,21,641 1,00,472
mn +
Net profit*# 26,713 26,233 24,095 22,110 19,351 Digital skilling
Basic earnings per share (in ₹)* 64.50 63.39 57.63 52.52 45.61 13.3
mn Lives empowered via our Tech for
Market capitalization 6,52,332 6,21,821 5,92,394 8,02,162 5,82,880 Carbon offset programs Good solutions in e-governance,
2,72,000+ People are a part of our digital education and healthcare
In US$ million, except per equity share data FY 2025 FY 2024 FY 2023 FY 2022 FY 2021 skilling initiatives
Revenues* 19,277 18,562 18,212 16,311 13,561 Rural families continue to benefit
Net profit*# 3,158 3,167 2,981 2,963 2,613
Basic earnings per share (in ₹)* 0.76 0.77 0.71 0.70 0.62
Note:
Market capitalization 75,797 74,425 72,351 104,706 79,760 (1) Comprise cash and cash equivalents, current and non-current investments excluding investments in equity and preference shares, and others.
(2) Dividend excludes special dividend of `8.00 per share declared in line with the Capital Allocation Policy for financial year 2024.
Notes:
(3) Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditure as per the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
* Based on IFRS consolidated financial statements prepared under IFRS.
# Attributable to owners of the Company (4) EPS increase post normalization of income tax refunds
28 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 29
Performance overview
Chairman’s message
An era of uncertainty
As we contemplate the developments of the last few and fall based on the speed of transition. And many assets
months, we know we are in an era of uncertainty that could well be stranded.
we have never seen before. Multiple trends are colliding
Every business vertical is facing challenges of various kinds.
and leading us to reexamine the fundamentals of our
Car makers are dealing with the transition from ICE engines
businesses.
to batteries. Pharma companies are looking at accelerating
As geopolitics becomes front and centre in our lives, we are the pace of drug discovery with AI. Logistics companies
having to take cognizance of the world not as one single are dealing with the complete reordering of global supply
global market but as fragmented blocs and countries. chains. Financial service companies are considering
This means making strategic choices and even navigating the tokenization of their assets. Energy companies are
between these blocs. COVID brought into focus the critical assessing the long-term demand for their products. Utilities
and pressing need to derisk our supply chain and build are facing a distributed future. Manufacturing companies
viable alternatives. It was no longer enough to deliver are navigating the advent of robots and 3D printing.
just-in-time; we had to also factor in for just-in-case. Now Service companies are dealing with AI agents performing
tariffs are further driving home the point that we need to their tasks. There is not a sector that remains unscathed
diversify our sourcing. Tariffs will be differentiated across as rapid business and technological disruption forces
products and countries and will likely keep changing. businesses to adapt and advance.
Bilateral and regional rules of trade will dominate. Supply
Amid these growing uncertainties, there is a certainty that
chains will continue to shift as tariffs become another form
Infosys brings, that is of immense value to enterprises.
of arbitrage.
The Infosys basket of products and services is diversified
The advent of AI with all its possibilities and potential across geographies, verticals and technologies with
creates another arc of uncertainty. As enterprises look solutions to both traditional and emerging business
at applying AI to every aspect of the business, some challenges. These solutions are created to support clients’
longstanding challenges will become imperative and investments in growth as well as for when they are cutting
self-evident to firms. For example, the need to modernize back on costs. Infosys is differentiated by its continuous
legacy systems, and the need to create data architecture and active investments in nurturing an engaged and
so that all the firm’s data is consumable by AI, in a holistic committed workforce. A big part of this investment is in
manner, can no longer be put off. Firms will need to have creating flexible training and skilling capability so that
an AI foundry for rapid innovation and an AI factory to this workforce is always abreast of changing technology
scale successful innovations across the enterprise. While and business practices. There is also a relentless focus on
embracing AI will bring a goldmine of opportunities, it will productivity, so business investments work harder. Even
not be entirely without some foreseeable risks. Regulatory as Infosys strives to be a truly AI-first company, there is a
variances across regions will need to be incorporated simultaneous and equal focus on being at the forefront of
into one’s strategy. The early learnings from enterprise AI sustainability. In every way, we seek to continue to rank
adoption gives us a glimpse of these potential challenges among the world’s most respected companies.
that lie on the path ahead.
We’ve always believed in enthusiastically embracing
Climate change and the associated energy transition adds change. After all, our brand’s promise to our stakeholders
to the crucible of uncertainties. So much of the future is to help them navigate their next. We also have immense
Nandan M. Nilekani depends on innovation and the form of energy that will confidence stemming from our fortress balance sheet –
Chairman fuel us forward – solar, wind, batteries, pumped hydro, characterized by high liquidity, zero debt, and the ability
green hydrogen, nuclear, carbon capture and storage, etc. to withstand uncertainty. Above all, at Infosys, we remain
Global climate deals will set the pace of change. The only fully aligned on strategy, yet tactically agile, having high
thing certain is that electricity will play a much bigger mutual trust and responsiveness to customers, investors
role in the days ahead. And the pace of its rollout will be and employee needs.
contingent on building new transmission lines, setting up
So many things have changed. Then again, some things
charging stations, and acquiring more transformers. This
remain unchanged.
transformation will naturally be constrained by regulatory
cholesterol. The price of various commodities will rise, Bengaluru Nandan M. Nilekani
May 14, 2025 Chairman
30 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 31
Performance overview
Letter to the Shareholder
Dear shareholder,
Financial year 2025 was another year of strong execution During the year, Infosys was recognized as a top 100 most
for Infosys. We had growth of 4.2%, operating margin of valuable brand in the world and ranked among the most
21.1%, and free cash flow of US$4.1 billion. We announced trusted brands in the US, by Kantar BrandZ. For the fifth
a total dividend of `43 per share (including an interim consecutive year, we were recognized as one of the World’s
dividend of `21 per share). Most Ethical Companies.
Infosys is the leader in AI, cloud, data, and digital for our We recruited over 15,000 college graduates in the year and
clients. ended the year with over 3,20,000 employees. 39% of our
workforce are women employees.
Infosys Topaz brings the power of AI, with a strong
foundation of cloud and data, to help our clients leverage The Infosys Foundation continues to create positive impact
the next generation of opportunities. To help our clients by supporting the communities we work with, in the areas
with AI, we have built a repository of AI agents. These of healthcare, education, women empowerment, and
agents improve productivity in areas such as code sustainability. Over the year, the Foundation impacted
generation, IT operations, bill-to-cash, and quote-to-order. over 1 crore lives through its outreach programs. Infosys
We have developed domain-specific language models Springboard, our free skilling platform, is helping build
for some industries, IT operations, and cybersecurity. As a digital skills globally and has already provided free learning
result of our expertise and strong partnership with industry programs to 9.2 million people around the world.
leaders, we are now offering model development as a
Our client relationships have been the foundation of
service to our customers.
success through the years. We thank our clients for their
Our Cobalt cloud capabilities provide the foundation for continued trust and partnership.
AI. We are working with the leading public cloud providers,
We value the enormous contribution of our over 3,20,000
private cloud players, SaaS companies, and PaaS platforms.
employees for making our clients successful. Their
Data is another foundational element for AI. Our dedication and continued pursuit of excellence have
capabilities in data architecture and managing structured enabled sustained value creation for our clients.
and unstructured data give our clients confidence to use
Thanks to our Board for their guidance and support for our
their data for enterprise AI deployment.
strategic direction.
Our expertise across enterprise solutions, engineering
As technology continues to be more central in the world,
services, cybersecurity, applications, infrastructure, and
Infosys becomes more relevant to our clients.
operations continues to drive value creation for our clients.
I remain optimistic about the enormous opportunities we
We have continued our focus on cost efficiency,
have for the future.
automation, lean, and delivering productivity
With my warmest regards,
improvements for our clients.
With our deep expertise across AI, cloud, data, digital, and Sd/-
cost efficiency offerings, we are well-established as the Bengaluru Salil Parekh
preferred partner for large enterprises across the world. May 30, 2025 Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
Salil Parekh
Chief Executive Officer and
Managing Director
32 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 33
Performance overview
Awards and recognitions
• Recognized as one of the best • Infosys BPM won an award at NIQR
organizations for women in 2024 by Lean Six Sigma Case Study Contest
The Economic Times 2024
• Recognized as India’s Best • Infosys BPM won an award at the CII
WorkplacesTM for Women 2024: Top National Lean Competition 2024
50 (Large) for the fourth consecutive
• Infosys BPM won the SS&C Blue
year by Great Place to Work® Institute
Prism Partner Excellence Award
• Recognized among ‘Best Companies 2024, under the ‘Intelligent
for Women in India (BCWI) study, Automation Award’ category for the
• Recognized as the largest IT
2024’ by Avtar & Seramount, and APAC Region
employer in Karnataka at the Invest
among ‘Best Companies - Hall of
Karnataka 2025 Summit
Fame’ for having featured in the list,
• Positioned as a leader in HFS
six editions in a row
Horizons for –
• Awarded the Diversity and Inclusion • Received Binding Corporate Rules
- AADA Quadfecta of Analytics, AI, Data
Employer of the Year at the 2024 Certification from EU Data Protection
Platforms, and Automation Services
Digital Revolution Awards Authorities
for Generative Enterprise 2024
• Recognized as one of the “Most
Business Honored” companies, receiving
multiple awards at the 2024 All-
Asia Executive Team Rankings from
Cloud
• Infosys featured in 2025 LinkedIn’s Institutional Investor
Top Companies list in India, US, and
• Infosys Consulting listed in Forbes
Canada
Best Management Consulting Firms • Infosys positioned as a leader in
• Recognized as one of India’s Best In The World 2024 List Gartner® Magic QuadrantTM for –
Employers Among Nation-Builders
• Infosys Consulting listed in Forbes - Public Cloud IT Transformation
2024 by the Great Place To Work®
ESG 2025 America’s Best Management Services
Institute
Consulting Firms List
- Cloud ERP Services
• Received the Shorty Impact Awards • Recognized as one of India’s Best • Infosys was rated as Top 100 most
• Infosys BPM won two awards at ATD
• Infosys won the following awards in the Gender Equality category for Companies to Work for 2024 by the 2024: ‘Excellence in Practice Award valuable brand in the world by Kantar • Positioned as a leader in The
at the Asset ESG Corporate the #SpotItToStopIt campaign Great Place To Work® Institute 2024’ and ‘ATD Best Award 2024’ BrandZ; Ranked among the most- Forrester WaveTM for –
trusted brands in India and the US
Awards 2024: Platinum Award for • Received the 2024 UN Women’s WEP • Infosys’ Investor Relations (IR) function - Application Modernization and
• Infosys BPM won the PeopleFirst
Excellence, Best Investor Relations India Award in the Gender-inclusive has been recognized one of the top Multicloud Managed Services, Q1
HR Excellence Award 2024, in the
Team, Best Initiative in Environmental Workplace category two IR functions among Indian 2025
‘Learning & Development’ category
R D e iv s e p r o s n it s y i b a i n li d ty I , n a c n lu d s B io e n st Initiative in • A W w o a rk rd p e l d a c S e i l E v q e u r a in li t t y h e In I d n e d x ia ( IWEI) c c o on m d p u a c n te ie d s b in y F a i n n a a n n c n e u A a s l i s a u rvey • Infosys BPM received the SSON North AI - Automation Fabric Services, Q4 2024
• Awarded the Sustainability 2024 • Won the Brandon Hall Group – America Impact Awards 2025 with • Positioned as a leader in IDC
Champion of the Year Award at the T-Mobile in the ‘Customer Centricity’ • Infosys featured by Constellation MarketScape for –
FICCI Young Leaders Awards 2024 • R W e o c r o k g p n l i a z c e e d s a TM s i I n n d D i i a v ’s e r B s e it s y t , Equity, T 2 e 0 c 2 h 4 nology Excellence Award Gold category Research in – - Asia/Pacific Managed Cloud Services
- Artificial Intelligence and Machine 2024–2025 Vendor Assessment
Inclusion & Belonging 2024: Top 25
Learning Best-of-Breed Platforms
by Great Place to Work® Institute - Worldwide Adobe Experience Cloud
- AI-Driven Cognitive Applications Professional Services 2024–2025
• Recognized as the ‘Champion of
Vendor Assessment
Inclusion’ in the Most Inclusive - AI Services: Global
Companies Index 2024 by Avtar and - EMEA Industry Cloud Professional
• Recognized as a leader by Avasant
Seramount for the fifth year Services 2024-2025 Vendor
in –
Assessment
• Placed in the leadership category in
- Applied AI Services 2024 RadarviewTM
the Indian Corporate Governance • Featured by Constellation Research
Scorecard Assessment undertaken • Recognized as a leader by ISG in –
• Recognized as one of the World’s by Institutional Investor Advisory • Recognized as the Global Top • Recognized as a Top 3 IT services Provider LensTM study in – - Public Cloud Transformation Services:
Services (IiAS) for the eighth year in
Most Ethical Companies in 2025 Employer 2025 for the fifth brand and the fastest growing IT - Intelligent Automation Services 2024 Global
a row
for the fifth consecutive year by consecutive year by the Top services brand globally in the Brand in US and Europe
Ethisphere Employers Institute Finance Global 500 2025 report
- Advanced Analytics and AI Services
2024 in US and Europe
34 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 35
Awards and recognitions
• Infosys BPM recognized as a leader - Life & Annuity (L&A) Insurance IT • Infosys BPM won the ‘Outsourcing - Manufacturing Industry Services 2024
in the Lending Services PEAK Matrix® Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment Impact Champion’ award at the in North America and Europe
Assessment 2024 by Everest Group 2024 Outsourcing Impact Review (OIR)
- Power & Utilities Services 2024 in
2024 for ‘Project Genesis’
• Featured by Constellation Research - Digital Commerce Services PEAK North America, Europe, and APAC
in – Matrix® Assessment 2024 • Infosys BPM ranked as Innovators
- Sustainability and ESG 2024 study in
in Avasant Digital Masters Business
- Metaverse Design and Services - Digital Workplace Services PEAK Australia, US and Europe
• Rated as a leader by Everest Group Process Transformation RadarviewTM
Matrix® Assessment 2024 – Europe
in – - Custom Software Development • Rated as a leader by Everest Group
Services - Digital Workplace Services PEAK Industries in –
- Microsoft Azure Services PEAK Matrix®
Assessment 2024 - Digital Transformation Services (DTX): Matrix® Assessment 2024 – North - Healthcare Industry Cloud Services
Global America PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2024
• Infosys positioned as a leader in IDC
• Positioned as a leader in HFS - Customer Experience (CX) Operations - Focus on Appian - Low-code MarketScape for – • Rated as a leader by NelsonHall in –
Horizons for – Services: Global Application Development Services
• Positioned as a leader in HFS PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2024 - Worldwide Distributed Energy - Wealth & Asset Management 2024
- Industry Cloud Service Providers, 2024 - Customer Experience (CX) Design & Horizons for – Resource Management Systems
Execution Services: Global - Focus on OutSystems - Low-code - Core Banking Services 2025
Service Providers 2024 Vendor
- Azure Ecosystem Services Providers, - The Best Service Providers for Core
Application Development Services
- Cybersecurity Services Assessment
2024 Banking Modernization
PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2024
- Innovation Services and Engineering - Worldwide Consulting and Digital
• Recognized as a leader by ISG - IoT Service Providers, 2024
- Focus on Microsoft Power Apps -
Provider LensTM study in – - Microsoft End-to-End Service Services Providers for the Upstream
Providers - Sustainability Services, 2024 Low-code Application Development Oil and Gas Industry 2024 Vendor
- Oracle Cloud and Technology Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment Assessment
- Salesforce Services, 2025
Ecosystem in US, APAC, and Europe - QA Tools for NextGen Apps 2024
- Worldwide Consulting and
- Generative Enterprise Services, 2025
• Rated as a leader by NelsonHall in – • Recognized as a leader by Avasant - Custom Application Development Digital Services Providers for the
in – Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment
Downstream Oil and Gas Industry
- End-to-End Cloud Infrastructure
Management Services NEAT 2024 - Cybersecurity Services 2024 • Recognized as a leader by ISG 2025 2024 Vendor Assessment
Provider LensTM study in –
RadarviewTM - Application Management Services - Worldwide Life Science R&D ITO • Recognized as a leader by Avasant
- Multisourcing Service Integration - SAP Ecosystem 2024 in US, Germany, PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 Services 2024 in –
Digital and Global
2023–2024 RadarviewTM - SAP Business Application Services - Worldwide Smart Insurance Producer - Manufacturing Digital Services 2024
- Salesforce Ecosystem Partners 2024 PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 Management Applications RadarviewTM
in US
• Infosys positioned as a leader in IDC • Rated as a leader by NelsonHall in –
- Worldwide Service Providers for
MarketScape for – - Mainframe Services 2025 in US, - Learning Platforms NEAT 2024 Utilities Customer Operations 2024 • Infosys Finacle won the ‘Innovation
- Asia/Pacific SAP Implementation Europe, and US Public Services Vendor Assessment in Offering Award with RCBC
- Quality Engineering NEAT 2024 DiskarTech’ and the ‘Customer
Services 2024 Vendor Assessment • Rated as a leader by Everest Group - FinTech 2024 Rankings & Program Impact Award with
- Asia/Pacific Salesforce in – - Cognitive & Self-Healing IT IndusInd Bank’ at the IBSi Digital
Infrastructure Management Solutions • Positioned as a leader in HFS
Implementation Services 2024–2025 - Capital Markets IT Services PEAK 2025 Horizons for – Banking Awards 2024
Vendor Assessment Matrix® Assessment 2024 • Infosys Finacle won Excellence in
• Infosys BPM recognized as a leader - Healthcare Payer Services 2024
- Worldwide Digital Workplace Services - Global In-house Center (GIC) Setup Corporate Digital Banking with
in ISG Provider LensTM study in -
2024 Vendor Assessment Capabilities in India – Provider PEAK - The Best Service Providers for Zand Bank at the Finnovex Awards
Matrix® Assessment 2024 - Global Financing & Accounting Commercial Banks, 2025 Middle East 2024
- European SAP Modernization Services
Outsourcing Services Study (P2P, O2C,
2024 Vendor Assessment - Digital Transformation Consulting - Telecom Service Providers, 2025 • Infosys Finacle won 2 industry awards
R2R and FP&A)
- Worldwide SAP Implementation • Positioned as a leader in The Forrester Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment • Recognized as a leader by ISG at Finnovex Awards Southern Africa
Services 2025 Vendor Assessment WaveTM for – 2024 – North America - Quadrant Study on Procurement Provider LensTM study in – 2024: ‘Excellence in Customer
Services 2024 Experience with Standard Bank’,
- Worldwide IIoT Engineering and - Continuous Automation And Testing - Salesforce Services PEAK Matrix® - Oil & Gas Industry - Services and ‘Excellence in Payment Solutions for
Managed Services Services, Q2 2024 Assessment 2024 • Recognized as a Market Maker in Solutions 2024 in Europe and North Finacle Payments’
CapioIT Salesforce SI and Solutions
America
- Worldwide IIoT Consulting and - Infrastructure Outsourcing Services, - Open Banking IT Services PEAK Providers Ecosystem Capture Share • MEA Finance Banking Technology
Integration Services Q4 2024 Matrix® Assessment 2024 Report, 2024 - Healthcare Digital Services 2024 in US Awards 2024: Best Composable
• Infosys BPM won the Avasant Digital - Modern Application Development - Private Equity IT Services PEAK Matrix® • Recognized as a leader in CapioIT - Insurance Services 2024 in North Banking Transformation – Emirates
Masters Award 2024 in the Business Services, Q1 2025 Assessment 2024 APAC Salesforce SI and Solutions America, ANZ, and Europe NBD and Infosys Finacle
Process Transformation category Providers Ecosystem Capture Share
- Telecom, Media & Entertainment
Report, 2025
Industry Services 2024 in EMEA
36 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 37
Approaching value creation
Our business context
Awards and recognitions
• Infosys Finacle received the • Infosys BPM recognized as a leader • Won the 2024 Oracle -
Technology & Innovation Award in the IDC MarketScape: Worldwide
- Global Services Partner (Apps) Award
under the Best Solution for Trade Enterprise Analytics and AI Business
for Innovation
& Supply Chain category at the TMI Process Services for Finance and
Awards for Innovation & Excellence – Accounting 2024 Vendor Assessment • Solution Innovation Award:
2024 Optimizing Customer Experience
• Infosys McCamish ranked as a leader
• Infosys Finacle alongside its clients in ISG Provider LensTM Insurance - Customer Success Award: Innovative
Newcastle Permanent (NP), Union Platform Solutions study in North Cloud Deployment
Bank of Philippines, and Axis Bank America
- Applications/SaaS Continental Europe
received recognition at the Retail
• Infosys BPM recognized as a leader Innovation Partner Award
Banker International Asia Trailblazer
in the Finance & Accounting
Awards 2025 for Best Partnership - Applications/SaaS Continental Europe
Outsourcing (FAO) PEAK Matrix®
for Customer Experience (with NP), Customer Success Partner Award
Assessment 2024 by Everest Group
Best Open Banking Initiative (with
• Infosys Topaz won -
Union Bank of Philippines), and Best • Infosys Finacle has been positioned as
Strategic Partnership (with Axis a leader in the Wealth Management - ‘Disruption Partner of the Year’ at
Bank) Products PEAK Matrix® Assessment Databricks Data AI Summit 2024
2024 Report by Everest Group
• Infosys Finacle alongside its clients - ‘Services Partner of the Year 2024’
Zand Bank, Emirates NBD, Union Bank • Infosys Finacle has been positioned for ‘Snowflake Retail and Consumer
of Philippines, and Arab National Bank as a leader in the Consumer Loan Goods Data Cloud’ category at
received recognition at the Global Origination Systems (LOS) – Snowflake Data Cloud Summit 2024
Business Magazine Winners 2025 for Products PEAK Matrix® Assessment
- ‘Innovative Partner of the Year 2024’
Best Digital-First Bank UAE 2025 2024 Report by Everest Group
award at Collibra Excellence Awards Technology continues to transform business. The need for professionals • Focus on cost takeouts to
(Zand Bank), Best Cloud-Based Core
2024 businesses in every industry who are highly skilled in both deal with the uncertain global
Banking Implementation Saudi
Arabia 2025 (Emirates NBD), Best Ecosystem - NASSCOM AI Gamechangers Awards around the world in a profound traditional and digital technology environment.
Customer Experience Innovation 2023-24 for Manufacturing and fundamental way. In fiscal areas is driving businesses to • Increase in enterprise spending
Philippines 2025 (Union Bank of 2025, AI, including agentic AI, build strategic technology and on hybrid, multi-cloud / AI-led
• Infosys won the SAP LeanIX Growth
Philippines), and Outstanding Digital Partner of the Year Award at the SAP For more awards and recognition, visit generative AI, 5G, Low Code No IT partnerships to realize their transformation.
Banking Transformation Saudi
Code and quantum computing transformation journeys.
Arabia 2025 (Arab National Bank) Transformation Excellence Summit https://www.infosys.com/about/awards. • Intense competition for talent as
shaped the future of industries.
html We see AI across industries fine- enterprises embrace new ways
• Won Google Cloud Partner of
• Infosys BPM recognized as a leader From new AI architectures like
the Year Award for the Fourth tune the necessities of specialized of working amid scarcity of niche
in 2024 Gartner Magic Quadrant small language models and multi-
Consecutive Year domains and tasks. Firms globally are digital skills.
for Finance and Accounting Business
agents to precision manufacturing,
Process Outsourcing • Won AWS 2024 Sustainability racing to support AI agents and we • Continued focus on ESG as a
this year, we are tackling some
• Infosys Finacle recognized as a Partner of the Year – APJ of the hardest challenges across are on the path to enabling them. strategic theme for all enterprise
leader in the 2025 Gartner Magic Agents are expected to drive the next stakeholders.
industries by building strong
Quadrant for Retail Core Banking wave of monetization of AI. Central
data foundations with robust Intense competition marks the
Systems, Europe to this shift of AI agents is the agenda
cloud capabilities. Responsible delivery of traditional services in
to build intelligent systems that are
• Infosys Finacle positioned as a business approaches, including a rapidly changing marketplace,
capable of doing tasks with multiple
leader in the IDC MarketScape: embracing Environmental, Social especially with the emergence of
Worldwide Cash Management steps, autonomous interactions
and Governance (ESG), continue new players in niche technology
Systems 2024 Vendor Assessment; with tools and data and automating
to gain traction. We continued to areas. Infosys’ industry expertise,
Worldwide Integrated Bank Payment business workflows.
Systems 2024 Vendor Assessment; witness businesses attempting to end-to-end service capability and
North America Digital Core Banking reimagine their cost structures, The future of the technology industry digital solutions, ability to scale,
Platforms 2024 Vendor Assessment; increase business resilience and continues to be shaped by the established platforms, superior
Europe, Middle East, and Africa Digital agility, personalize experiences following trends: quality and process execution,
Core Banking Platforms 2024 Vendor • Infosys-Fluido won ‘Best Salesforce for customers and employees, distributed agile global delivery
Assessment; Asia/Pacific Digital Core Partner to Work For’ at the 2024 • Focus on enterprise AI capabilities
and launch new and disruptive model, experienced management
Banking Platforms 2024 Vendor Digital Revolution Awards • Demand for IT services with
products and services. Enterprises are team, talented professionals and
Assessment growth pockets emerging in areas
leveraging AI to extend the value of track record are often cited as clear
like cloud, cybersecurity, IoT and
existing investments and, in parallel, differentiators.
immersive technologies.
transform and future-proof their
38 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 39
Approaching value creation
Strategy
Our business context
Our solutions are classified as digital and core. The way we navigate your next, every We are seeing growing demand from 2,70,000 of our employees today
different next that you’re pursuing, is clients to partner with them as they are AI-aware. Our platforms are also
Digital to view it holistically across capabilities, prepare their enterprises for success enhanced with generative AI aspects.
focus areas and desired outcomes. in the AI era, where they are moving
Expand localization
Experience Accelerate from a use-case-based approach to
We offer four distinct learnings and
an agentic AI-led transformational Aiming to create differentiated talent
advantages to our clients.
Insight Assure approach. pools and ecosystems in our markets,
First, we empower businesses with
we made significant investments in
We have successfully delivered
agile digital at scale. We do this by
Innovate expanding our local workforce in the
over 400 generative AI projects
bringing together new technologies,
US, UK, Europe, Japan, China, Canada
by bringing Infosys Topaz, our
the swiftness of agile delivery and our
and Australia.
generative and agentic AI-powered
Infosys Cobalt is a set of services, solutions, and platforms for enterprises to accelerate their cloud journey. global delivery model to create new
services and solutions. Our AI work Looking ahead, and to continue
enterprise-wide capability that delivers
spans a wide spectrum of priority staying relevant to the emerging
unprecedented levels of business
areas like process improvement, needs of our clients, we prioritize:
performance and customer delight.
Infosys Topaz is an AI-first offering to accelerate business value for global enterprises using generative AI. engineering, customer service, • Our journey of being AI-first and
Secondly, we enable enterprises cybersecurity, and employee our customers’ navigation to AI;
with an AI-powered core. We build a productivity. We have built four
• Agentic AI is now at the forefront
Infosys Aster is an AI-amplified marketing suite that delivers engaging brand experiences, enhanced deeply automated foundation that small language models for banking, of most of our client conversations,
marketing efficiency, and accelerated business growth. serves up vital insights to prioritize IT operations, cyber and enterprises and we are seeing a strong
the execution of change. And we broadly.
business case to drive efficiency
Core do this by not wishing away, but
Energize the core and improve customer experience.
harnessing and energizing the core.
Through our Infosys Agentic
Application management services Infrastructure management services Third, our always-on learning agenda In fiscal 2025, we won a total contract Foundry, we have developed
drives continuous improvement for value of over US$11.6 billion in large hundreds of agents across various
Proprietary application development services Traditional enterprise application implementation them. We build and transfer digital deals, continuing to demonstrate our industries. Multiple agentic
skills, expertise and ideas from our capabilities and competitiveness in projects went live, showing strong
innovation ecosystem to help them executing complex transformations. Returns on Investments in terms of
Independent validation solutions Support and integration services
transition to new agile ways of working. Our capabilities support our clients cost as well as business benefits.
in their growth areas related to AI,
Lastly, we further complement this • Continuing to scale our cloud
Product engineering and management Business process management cloud, and digital and their efficiency
with the advantages of our expanded capabilities, especially in cloud
areas related to automation, cost
localization in the form of in-market advisory, data on cloud, cloud
reduction, and consolidation. While
Digital accelerators state-of-the-art training facilities security, SaaS, PaaS, IaaS and
we witness a strong deal momentum,
and innovation hubs that give our private cloud;
we have also enhanced our GCC
Infosys Metaverse Foundry eases and fast-tracks enterprises’ exploration of the metaverse, clients the benefit of proximity in • Expanding capabilities in key
capabilities across consult, sell, build
including virtual and augmented environments, for their customers, workplace, products and co-creation. digital technology areas such
and deliver.
operations. as AI, product engineering,
We believe the investments we have
Reskill our people cybersecurity and human
made, and continue to make, in our
Infosys Center for Emerging Technology Solutions focuses on incubation of NextGen services
Center for Emerging experience;
Technology Solutions and offerings by identifying and building technology capabilities to accelerate innovation. strategy will enable us to advise and Continuous learning and reskilling
help our clients as they tackle the have always been integral to our • Strengthening our employee value
Key products and platforms current market conditions. Over the operating model. We operate our proposition for the newer contexts
last few years, we have executed reskilling program with the twin of work and workplace;
on this strategy and generated objectives of fulfilling demand • Running our operations in a cost
significant outcomes. for digital skills in client projects effective and agile manner with
and enriching the expertise of our a comprehensive plan for margin
Scale agile digital
global workforce in next-generation expansion;
Our digital transformation is technologies and methodologies. • Delivering on our ESG
today enhanced with AI. We have We invested in and scaled our digital commitments, while also enabling
reimagined ourselves to be an AI-first reskilling program globally to include our clients to realize their
organization. We are rated as a leader the latest generative AI courses. Over sustainability goals.
in 58 digital offerings.
40 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 41
Approaching value creation
Value creation model
Inputs Process and Strategy Outputs Outcomes Stakeholders
Financial Capital
Financial Capital Client offerings
4.2% Constant currency revenue growth
• Profitable growth
`95,818 cr Net assets Digital
8.3% Earnings per share growth(1) • Sustained / long-term cash flow
`47,549 cr Consolidated cash and investments Products
29.0% Return on equity
Platforms
44.8% Free cash flow growth
Core solutions
Intellectual Capital
Intellectual Capital
• Diversified portfolio of solutions Investors
58 Digital leader ratings
2,70,000+ AI Aware employees across industry segments
#1 Rating in AI • Innovation partner to clients
200+ Industry-leading products, solutions
and platforms powering Infosys Cobalt Strategy 543 Artifacts published by the Infosys • Partner of choice for social and
and Topaz offerings Knowledge Institute (IKI) environmental solutions for the
370+ Startups in our innovation ecosystem 35 Reports published by IKI community Clients
Human Capital
Scale
a
gile
di
gital
Environment
Exp
an d
lo
calizatio
n
823 Patents in the portfolio (granted / pending)
• Infosys has been recognized as
Human Capital a Global Top Employer for the
Employees
3,23,578 Total no. of employees fourth consecutive year by the Top
15,288 Fresh graduates hired globally
Employers Institute.
71.35 Annual average training hours per
Social Governance 1,26,332 Women in the workforce (39.0%) • Best-in-class employee experience
employee
and learning
156 Nationalities in the workforce
`2,066 cr Investments in employee well-being
Natural and Manufactured Capital
En
erg
ize
th
e
co
re
th
O
e
o
u
f
s
r
i
t
n
p
ro
e
n
n
o
o
g
p
v a
l
c
e
t
u
i
a
o
lt
n
n
u
d
re
Reskill
o
ur
pe
o
ple
Natural and Manufactured Capital
•
•
S
FI
a
C
fe
C I
a
a
n
w
d
a
i
r
n
d
c l
f
u
o
s
r
i v
le
e
a
w
de
o
r
r
s
k
h
p
ip
la c
in
e s
Suppliers
sustainability
29.7 mn sq. ft. Highest rated green buildings 6th year Carbon neutral
• Productive, safe and healthy
77.7% Share of renewables in our India 71% Reduction in scope 1 and 2 emissions workplaces for employees Communities
operations over the BAU scenario
• Environmental stewardship
Holistic approach to decarbonizing the value chain ASSURE Transforming India’s building sector beyond our boundary
Go-to-market business units
Hi-Tech Social and Relationship Capital Government /
Social and Relationship Capital
Regulators
Manufacturing
`628 cr Global CSR spends 13.3 mn People enabled in digital skills • Positive impact on the
Life Sciences and Healthcare
365 New client accounts communities in which we operate
1,869 Total no. of active clients
Financial Services and Insurance • Trusted partner of choice for all
72,205 Employees in nearshore / tier-2 locations
25 No. of nearshore / tier-2 locations
Energy, Utilities, Resources and Services stakeholder groups
2,72,000+ Rural families continue to benefit from our
9 No. of carbon offset projects
Communications, Telecom OEM and Media
carbon offset projects
Retail, Consumer Packaged Goods and Logistics
Public Services
Others including segments of businesses in India, Japan and China
(1) EPS increase post normalization of income tax refunds
42 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 43
Delivering value
Financial Capital
We obtain our Financial Capital through the funds generated from our Market capitalization Revenue growth Basic earnings per share
Material topics business operations and financing activities. Our strong performance In `
on the back of meticulous execution over the years, as reflected in the 63.39 64.50
• Scale agile digital & Energize combination of high growth, strong cash generation and profitability, In ` crore 57.63
the core
has led to building a strong, debt-free, and liquid Balance Sheet. Our
• Shareholder returns 5,92,394 6,21,821 6,52,332
focus is on ensuring a sustainable and profitable financial position. Our
In %
• High returns on equity stakeholders expect us to deliver long-term growth riding on a solid
20.7
strategy and prudent business decisions. Our shareholders are looking
UN SDG mapping
for good returns on their investment and steady capital returns.
4.7 6.1
“Effective from financial year 2025, the Company 2023 2024 2025 2023 2024 2025 2023 2024 2025
expects to continue its policy of returning
approximately 85% of the free cash flow cumulatively Free cash flows Return on equity Dividend per share
over a five-year period through a combination of
In ` crore
34,549
semi-annual dividends and / or share buyback / In % In `
43.0
Performance highlights special dividends, subject to applicable laws and 23,865 31.2 32.1 29.0 34.0 38.0(1)
20,443
requisite approvals, if any.”
Revenue growth The Company expects to progressively increase
6.1
its annual dividend per share (excluding special
%
2023 2024 2025 2023 2024 2025 2023 2024 2025
dividend if, any).
Operating margin (1) Dividend excludes special dividend of `8.00 per share
21.1
%
Shareholder value creation meets, the Annual General Meeting, this policy, the Company expects
Managing financial capital
Return on equity
and regular one-to-one and group to progressively increase its annual
29.0 We constantly endeavor to fulfill the
interactions. dividend per share (excluding special
% Infosys has a high cash-generating mutual funds, fixed maturity plan expectations of our investors through
dividend if any). Details of our Capital
business with access to capital securities, commercial paper, quoted responsible business decisions Distribution of value
Allocation Policy are available at
Dividend per share growth (1) markets across the world. Our strong bonds issued by government and and governance. Integrity and created through Capital https://www.infosys.com/investors/
credit rating allows us to raise debt semi-government organizations, transparency are top priorities in our
13.2 Allocation Policy corporate-governance/documents/
% at competitive rates in the future, non-convertible debentures and relationship with our investors.
capital-allocation-policy.pdf.
if needed. The primary source of CDs or certificates of deposits – all The Company has returned
We are privileged to share a strong
Free cash flow growth (2) funds is cash from operations and such instruments issued by eligible relationship with investors based approximately `88,400 crore, which Delivering value through
44.8 income from short and long-term financial institutions with high credit on a deep understanding of their is 85% of the cumulative free cash business strategy
% investments, among others. ratings guided by our treasury policy. flow for fiscals 2020-2024 through
expectations and our commitment to
Our market-oriented four-pronged
dividends and buybacks, in line with
Our primary sources of liquidity We also build financial assets and creating value for them. Infosys aims
strategy enables us to invest in
CRISIL Rating the Capital Allocation Policy.
are cash and cash equivalents and create financial value by investing to deliver superior revenue growth
expanding our global digital
AAA
the cash flow generated from our in the startup ecosystem. These and operating margins through “Effective from financial year
footprint. This helps Infosys to be
operations. We continue to remain investments enable us to access prudent financial management 2025, the Company expects to
recognized as a partner of choice
debt-free, and we maintain adequate innovation, which together with and sound corporate governance – continue its policy of returning
Robust working capital for digital transformation and also
cash to meet our operational our services and solutions, deliver resulting in share value appreciation, approximately 85% of the free cash
54,249 increases our potential to attract
` cr and strategic requirements, and benefits to our clients. Most leading to sustained value flow cumulatively over a 5-year
larger Total Contract Value (TCV)
unforeseen events while also earning often, our investments comprise creation for investors. We maintain period through a combination
deals and clients. This enhances
(1) Dividend excludes special dividend of `8.00 sufficient returns. minority equity positions in startup transparency in our disclosures of semi-annual dividends and/or
our ability to generate industry-
per share declared in line with the Capital
organizations and / or venture and frequent communication with share buyback / special dividends,
Allocation Policy for financial year 2024. Our consolidated cash and leading growth and profitability, thus
(3) Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided investments include deposits in capital funds. investors through channels such as subject to applicable laws and generating shareholder value.
by operating activities less capital expenditure quarterly post-result calls, analyst requisite approvals, if any.” Under
banks, investments in liquid
as per the Consolidated Statement of Cash
Flows prepared under IFRS.
44 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 45
Delivering value
Human Capital
Our employees are our most important assets. We are committed Nurturing workplace Our employee well-being rates scheduling. Innovations like facial
Material topics to hiring and retaining the best talent and being among the inclusivity reached an all-time high of 91% recognition and compliance-driven
industry’s leading employers. For this, we focus on promoting among employees across locations. checks enhance security and
• Employee Value Proposition
a collaborative, transparent and participative organizational At Infosys, we believe diversity is integrity in the hiring process. We
Infosys internship
• Employee health and wellness culture, and rewarding merit and sustained high performance. not just a value — it is a strategic have also introduced intelligent job
• Nurturing workplace inclusivity Our human resources management focuses on allowing our advantage. A diverse workforce program recommendation features on our
• Energizing local communities employees to develop their skills, grow in their careers and brings richer perspectives, fuels career platforms, helping candidates
InStep, Infosys’ flagship global
navigate their next. Infosys remains committed to nurture an creativity, strengthens problem- discover relevant opportunities
internship program, has 200+ partner
UN SDG mapping inclusive workplace for our diverse talent. solving, and drives deeper based on their unique skills and
institutions in over 50 countries, more
connection with global markets. experience.
than 3,300 alumni members and
Infosys conducts cross-cultural
We strive to create a world-class employee interns from over 50 nationalities. For new joiners, onboarding
collaboration workshops to cement
experience, focusing on Experience by Design InStep has been ranked as the World’s initiatives such as Infosys Immerse in
inclusion. Diversity drives innovation
#1 Internship Program, five times in a the metaverse, AI-powered assistants,
– designing consistent best-in-class policies, and innovation drives Infosys.
row by Vault Firsthand, a prestigious and smart identity verification tools
processes, programs and systems, keeping
As part of our ESG Vision 2030, career intelligence platform. InStep are shaping seamless and engaging
employees at the core of whatever we do. we aim to achieve 45% female has been instrumental in building entry experiences. For managers
representation in our workforce by strong academic partnerships and leaders, AI tools enable intuitive
2030. In fiscal 2025, we had ~1,25,000 for Infosys with premier global access to data, proactive nudges, and
women, making up about 39% of the institutions, generating numerous insights that support informed and
total workforce. patents and publications, along empathetic decision-making. Our AI-
with contributing to the overall driven Pulse analysis also empowers
The Infosys Way of Life C-LIFE: Our guiding principles – Employee Value
localization efforts. continuous listening, helping us
Performance highlights Client value, Leadership by example, Proposition
At Infosys, our culture is the identify employee sentiment and
Integrity and transparency, Fairness Localization
heartbeat of our organization. It is and Excellence – are deeply Our Employee Value Proposition act early to enhance well-being and
not just about what we do, but why embedded in our behavior and inspires our people to build what’s We established innovation hubs, engagement.
Employees globally we exist. Over the past 40 years, our permeate everything we do, upheld next for themselves, their teams nearshore centers and digital design In learning and development, we
3,23,578 values, excellence, collaboration, by each one of us. and their clients. It also ensures that studios across geographies. In are deploying generative AI to
and most importantly, our people our employees continuously learn fiscal 2025, we recruited 94% of our deliver personalized learning paths,
have molded our unique culture. In Inclusivity: We are committed to and grow in their career, while also employees locally in our markets. Our simulate real-world scenarios,
Nationalities in the workforce turn, our culture has become a way building and sustaining an inclusive creating opportunities for every hybrid work model, centered on our and assist in content creation.
156 of life that inspires and enables our and equal opportunity workplace, employee to navigate further. people and their comfort, offers the AI companions on our learning
employees to find purpose, make with a vision of taking everyone These efforts have resulted in faster flexibility of working from home and platform Lex, such as Zoiee and
an indelible impact, and shape our forward. growth, broader career options, office, at locations closest to their SynthAIz, provide intelligent
AI aware employees collective future. We call it the Infosys Learning: We enable our people increased talent mobility and sharper homes. As part of this strategy, we tutoring, summarization, and
2,70,000 Way of Life. to grow professionally and enrich compensation differentiation. have set up offices in Ahmedabad, contextual learning support. These
+ Guwahati, Kolkata, Visakhapatnam,
Care: We prioritize creating a their skills for the future, leveraging innovations ensure every employee
Employee health and
Noida, Hubballi, Indore, Navi
culture centered on caring for our Lex, our online learning platform. receives guidance aligned to their
Employees have voluntarily employees, addressing their overall The Career Canvas consolidates wellness Mumbai, Nagpur and Coimbatore in goals, skill levels, and preferred
disclosed their disability needs, and fostering an environment multiple career avenues – internal Infosys’ Health Assessment and India over the last few years. learning styles. From automated
1,095 where empathy prevails. job postings, projects, and Bridge Lifestyle Enrichment (HALE) program Leveraging AI to improve offboarding to retention analysis, AI
programs – into one view, helping also supports thoughtful transitions
Collaboration: We come together is a non-monetary employee benefit employee experience
employees identify next-role while maintaining a human touch.
as One Infosys, leveraging the full and has been recognized as the
Employee satisfaction score possibilities, assess skill gaps, and At Infosys, we recognize that every Our vision is clear: To responsibly
spectrum of our capabilities and best internal brand with great recall
77 receive personalized learning employee is unique and so should be use AI not as a replacement, but as
% collective strength to navigate our recommendations. and participation. Our wellness their journey in the organization. Our a powerful enabler that enhances
next steps. philosophy stands on four pillars –
Read more in our ESG Report 2025 physical, emotional, social well-being AI-powered recruitment capabilities personalization, improves operational
streamline candidate screening, agility, and helps to reinforce our
and safety.
Fresh graduates hired globally
dynamically match talent with open commitment to a people-first, future-
15,288
roles, and enable intelligent interview ready workplace.
46 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 47
Delivering value
Intellectual Capital
Our Intellectual Capital is driven by agility, flexibility, and tech innovations from across the inception. For more information, visit enhancing tools. We have 823
Material topics innovation. We are committed to working with experts, partners, globe. Today, IIN boasts of 370+ https://infosys.com/iki. patents (granted / pending) in the
academia, and other stakeholders to develop new products and startups, which have had over 1,000+ portfolio. Over 866 trademarks
• Innovation and Intellectual Product innovation
services that meet the needs of our customers and communities. client impressions. Over the past registered (or pending) across 51
Property
We are also focused on strengthening our Tech for Good solutions 12 months, we’ve engaged with EdgeVerve Systems Limited, a countries underscore the strength of
• Products, platforms and solutions
and providing an environment to incubate new businesses and numerous startups, universities, wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys, our brand.
• Responsible AI scale startup-led offerings. corporate ventures and hyperscalers is a premier developer of Enterprise
“Well Known”: Infosys is regarded by
across geographies like the US, Transformation Platforms that
UN SDG mapping Indian authorities as being a “Well
EU, and India, in spaces like gen empower clients to unlock limitless
Known” trademark. This gives us legal
AI, AI and data, fintech, cloud, possibilities in their AI-led digital
With iCETS, living labs, Infosys Innovation Network rights across sectors.
cybersecurity, InsurTech, and more. transformation journey.
and Infosys Business Incubator, we have a broad Most valuable brand: Infosys leads
Infosys Business Incubator EdgeVerve AI Next: The unified
portfolio of offerings across industry segments, while the industry with the fastest growing
(IBI) AI platform is designed to harness CAGR in brand value of 18% over five
the Infosys Prize and Aarohan Social Innovation
the power of generative AI and the
years and maintains leadership as a
Awards provide a platform for innovators and social IBI is designed to create and scale transformative potential of agentic global Top 3 IT services brand.
entrepreneurship capabilities within AI. It eliminates silos across people,
entrepreneurs, respectively.
Infosys. The primary goal of IBI is processes, data, and technology – #1 rating in AI
to create next-generation micro driving business transformation and
Performance highlights We have been identified as a
platform and micro serviceline-led enabling enterprises to scale applied
global leader in nine AI rankings by
businesses for Infosys. The incubator AI seamlessly. By combining AI-driven
various industry analysts. We have
IncubateNext: Provides our clients curates new cohorts of businesses insights, cloud-native architecture,
Client living labs C Te e c n h te n r o f l o o r g E y m So e l r u g t i i n o g ns with rapid and agile innovation each year, creating a flywheel of and cutting-edge automation, we successfully delivered over 400
generative AI projects with Infosys
100 + Infosys Center for capabilities. innovation for Infosys and our clients. provide flexible, scalable solutions Topaz, our generative and agentic
To create and sustain entrepreneurial that empower organizations to
Emerging Technology We have also established Applied skills and capacity, and nurture talent, adapt and thrive in an ever-changing AI-powered services and solutions.
Patents (granted / pending) Solutions (iCETS) Research Centers (ARC) that focus on we have launched the Business digital landscape, minimizing Our AI work spans a wide spectrum
823 technological and trends research Incubator Club. disruptions while enhancing of priority areas like process
iCETS is the emerging technology across diverse domains such as agility and scalability. From global improvement, engineering, customer
solution incubation partner for Applied AI, New Interaction Models, Infosys Knowledge business services and enterprise service, cybersecurity, and employee
Infosys’ clients and units. It provides Autonomous Machines, Advanced Institute (IKI) transformation to supply chain productivity. We have built four
Infosys Knowledge Institute assets next-generation platforms and Cybersecurity and other emerging optimization, EdgeVerve AI Next small language models for banking,
1,500 + innovation-as-a-service to help technology areas. IKI is the business research and is a catalyst for profound business IT operations, cyber and enterprises
thought leadership arm of Infosys. broadly.
future-proof enterprise businesses, transformation.
IKI harnesses the intellectual
leveraging New Emerging and Living labs ESG solutions
capital of Infosys’ experts and client With a strong entrepreneurial culture,
Trademark for Infosys in India eXploratory Technologies (NEXT).
“Well Known” There are four distinct dimensions We collaborate with our clients to collaborations to produce novel, EdgeVerve continues to innovate We are deeply committed to
across which iCETS delivers enable rapid prototyping, incubating distinctive content and insights on and drive impact across industries, empower our clients to take
innovation: and piloting of innovative solutions, the business impact that technology including financial services, meaningful climate action
Rating for iCETS platforms by both through client and Infosys living can drive for enterprises. IKI also insurance, retail, consumer goods through our innovative solutions.
analysts InspireNext: A set of capabilities and labs. With over 100+ client living labs, develops proprietary data and and life sciences. Read more at Leveraging the latest advancements
Industry leader offerings designed to help discover Infosys has helped our clients explore insights through primary research, https://www.edgeverve.com/ai-next. in technology, we offer tailored
new possibilities of doing business. and develop art-of-the-possible including large-scale surveys and consulting and comprehensive
ServiceNext: Leverages newly- emerging technology solutions. quantitative analysis. These are IP, patents and trademarks analytics to help our clients
Accounted for 1,000+ client developed capabilities and published through its flagship Radar understand and mitigate their
Infosys Innovation Infosys actively innovates and
impressions by maturity reports, the annual Tech
Intellectual Property (IP) to environmental impact. Our end-
370+ startups
differentiate our service offerings or
Network (IIN) Navigator report and ongoing Tech develops platforms, products and
to-end partnership construct
tools that constitute its collection
Compass tech trends series, and
create new offerings for our clients. ensures that we provide holistic
IIN is a well-orchestrated partnership of IP assets. These assets, which are
industry-focused market outlooks
and integrated solutions, enabling
Rating in AI ConnectNext: Brings together of select startups, universities, and executive journals. IKI has available on the Infosys Marketplace,
clients to adopt sustainable practices
#1 innovations from an external hyperscalers and Infosys to incubate collaborated with 800 clients and are used to differentiate ourselves
seamlessly.
ecosystem of hyperscalers, startups and bring the best of emerging created over 1,500 assets since in the market or as productivity-
and universities.
48 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 49
Delivering value
Natural Capital
Decades before climate change emerged as a global boardroom To date, our carbon offset initiatives Waste management: Towards as living case studies, enabling
Material topics priority, Infosys had recognized that natural capital is integral have benefited over 2,72,000 rural a circular economy the replication of climate-resilient,
to long-term value creation. Our approach to managing families and created more than 3,900 energy-efficient infrastructure.
• Carbon neutrality At Infosys, our waste strategy
environmental impact is holistic, scientific, and anchored in local jobs. We see these efforts not The initiative brings together
• Renewable energy responsible growth. We have pledged to maintain carbon neutrality only as a way to meet our climate is grounded in the principles of global experts, policymakers, and
reduction, recovery, and reuse. We
• Offsets for community across Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions. Our commitment goes beyond goals but also as an opportunity to industry leaders to shape a future
development compliance – it is about leading by example and setting new uplift communities and improve lives. are steadily advancing towards where India’s buildings are radically
our goal of zero waste to landfills.
• Advocacy for climate action standards in corporate climate responsibility. more sustainable. With a goal of
Water stewardship: Organic waste, which accounts for
• Water stewardship demonstrating 100 million sq.ft. of
Conserving a vital resource approximately 75% of our total
super-efficient commercial real estate
• Zero waste to landfill
We are now evolving from carbon neutrality to climate waste, is treated entirely onsite
Water management has long been by 2030, ASSURE focuses on sectors
through composting and recycling
UN SDG mapping positivity – investing in regenerative practices, nature- a cornerstone of our environmental with the highest energy and emission
mechanisms.
based solutions, and green innovation to restore strategy. As a signatory to the CEO intensity. The ASSURE program
Water Mandate, we are committed Our progress is aligned with the TRUE will provide technical support to
ecosystems and capture more carbon than we emit.
to minimizing water consumption zero waste certification framework, developers, skill and upskill 12,000
Our commitment is not just to reduce harm, but to and maximizing reuse. Our efforts reflecting our commitment to individuals, back 30 innovators, and
create lasting environmental value. continue to focus on improving water transparency and best-in-class waste advance performance measurement,
availability in the communities where management. Three of our campuses policy, and financing mechanisms
we operate. have received TRUE certification for – all building on our own journey of
zero waste. saving over US$250 million through
Our campuses recycle 100% of
high-performance buildings.
wastewater and have effective Biodiversity: Breathing life
Our 3-pillar strategy 2. Renewable energy
rainwater harvesting techniques into our campuses Climate positivity: The next
Performance highlights
to climate action Accelerating clean transition for utilizing rainwater effectively. frontier
We are focused on strengthening
These initiatives, combined with
To operationalize our climate We have installed over 60 MW of our efforts to preserve biodiversity As we progress toward environmental
demand side measures, have helped
ambitions, we have built a robust solar photovoltaic capacity through and improve green cover at all our stewardship, we are evolving from
Percentage of electricity for our us minimize our water consumption
strategy anchored on three pillars – rooftop and ground-mounted campuses. Our Mangaluru campus climate neutrality towards climate
India operations comes from and reduce dependency on external
renewable sources energy efficiency, renewable energy, systems. In addition to generating water sources. Our Bengaluru campus biodiversity book was launched positivity – a paradigm where our
77.7 and carbon offsets. clean energy onsite, we procure online recently. The book highlights actions go beyond neutralizing
is certified water positive by CII
% 1. Energy efficiency renewable power through third-party based on NITI Aayog water neutrality endemic species of the Western emissions to actively creating a net
power purchase agreements and Ghats and offers a practical blueprint environmental benefit. Climate
guidelines.
Carbon neutral for A culture of conscious green tariff mechanisms from utility for others aiming to undertake positivity includes investing in
consumption providers. Lake rejuvenation: Restoring similar initiatives in preserving regenerative practices and green
6 years in a row
Infosys has been a pioneer in energy- This comprehensive approach ecosystems, supporting biodiversity. Through this effort, we innovations that restore ecosystems,
efficient infrastructure. Our campuses enables us to avoid emissions while communities hope to inspire corporates, urban sequestering more carbon than we
Highest-level green certified space
are equipped with cutting-edge supporting the larger shift towards We are extending our water planners, and communities to make emit, and strengthening the planet’s
29.7
mn sq.ft. technologies, such as radiant cooling decarbonized energy systems. stewardship efforts beyond our biodiversity a central consideration in resilience. At Infosys, we see this
systems and intelligent building campuses through lake rejuvenation shaping the spaces we live in and use. as a natural extension of our long-
3. Carbon offsets
designs. Over the past 15 years, we projects. Our goal is to increase standing sustainability ethos. By
Rural families benefited through ASSURE
carbon offsets program have implemented one of the world’s Creating impact beyond the water-holding capacity by over 10 embedding climate-positive thinking
2,72,000 largest enterprise-level energy organization billion liters over five years. Infosys Infosys has long led the way in into our operations, products, and
+ conservation programs, significantly is working with local partners to sustainable, high-performance community programs, we aim to
We address unavoidable emissions
reducing our energy intensity. improve water availability in the buildings, and with ASSURE redefine what corporate climate
through community-centric carbon
Wastewater recycled within our communities in which Infosys (Accelerating Sustainable Super- leadership looks like in the coming
Today, we operate over 29.7 million offset programs. Our projects are
campuses operates. In two years, we have Efficient Real Estate), we are taking decades. It’s not just about doing less
sq.ft. of workspace certified to the verified by the Gold Standard for their
100 achieved an increase of 4.3 billion this impact to a national scale. harm, but about doing more good.
% highest levels of green building social and environmental impact.
liters in water holding capacity Launched in partnership with
standards. This is not just about These projects include clean cook As we look to the future, we remain
through 11 lake rejuvenation projects the Indian Institute for Human
infrastructure – it’s about cultivating stove programs in Rajasthan and committed to being a catalyst
CDP climate leadership across India. Settlements (IIHS) on April 30, 2024,
a culture where efficiency and the distribution of biogas units in for positive change, proving that
9 ASSURE is a multi-stakeholder
years sustainability go hand in hand. Maharashtra and Karnataka. Read more in our ESG Report 2025. sustainable development is not just
platform that positions our campuses
possible – it is essential.
50 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 51
Delivering value
Manufactured Capital
Our Manufactured Capital includes our energy-efficient offices, efforts include developing super- platforms, which provide cloud-scale from diverse sources within the IT
Material topics data centers, innovation hubs, digital studios, and our technology efficient new buildings, retrofitting agility and enable efficient resource ecosystem. Leveraging AI, machine
infrastructure across the globe. Our infrastructure is modeled existing buildings, a sharp focus use, have been deployed to deliver learning (ML), and deep learning (DL)
• Green buildings / infra / data
taking into consideration stakeholder expectations of our on innovation and continuous high-density server virtualization algorithms, the platform identifies
center efficiency
commitments towards climate change mitigation, judicious use monitoring to achieve the highest and consolidation across the opportunities for remediation and
• Workplace transformation
of natural resources and preserving our environment. levels of efficiency. Infosys’ building enterprise. This initiative has optimization, driving operational
• Green IT standards have set new global delivered significant power savings. excellence.
benchmarks. Subsequently, data center and server
UN SDG mapping Public cloud adoption
With the highest-rated green buildings on our rooms across development centers
Embodied carbon as an
were consolidated which resulted in a Majority of internal IT applications
campuses and investments in collaborative tech
essential benchmark reduction of over 600 KW of electrical have been moved to public cloud
infrastructure, we offer productive, safe, healthy
load in FY25. infrastructure. All our employees
As a key stakeholder in the built
and hybrid workplaces for our employees. We have been enabled for cloud-
environment, we recognize the InfosysIT continues to make
based collaboration for messaging,
continue to push the boundaries and define new
urgent need to address embodied focused investments in Data Center
presence, video, and other
benchmarks in environmental sustainability. carbon – the emissions associated Infrastructure Management (DCIM)
requirements. Additionally, cloud-
with building materials and tools to get accurate visibility across
based unified internet access and
construction processes. While the entire data center IT and Facility
secure private access has enhanced
operational efficiency has advanced, stack for continuous optimization
hybrid work experience.
embodied carbon remains a and further consolidation.
significant contributor to climate The shift to cloud has helped in
Infrastructure as code
impact. Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) optimizing the on-premises data
is a critical tool for understanding Infrastructure as code is a center footprint and also to scale up
and reducing these emissions, transformational initiative towards the infra on demand and provision
guiding smarter material choices enabling continuous deployment, IT services seamlessly for all the new
Pushing the boundaries of technologies, and continuous and sustainable design strategies. By continuous integration, and touch- hires inducted into the organization.
Performance highlights performance monitoring and
energy efficiency integrating LCA early in the design less management of the life cycle
optimization have resulted in office Impactful workplace
process, we can make informed of infrastructure components.
For a sustainable future, pushing buildings with an estimated Energy decisions that align with climate This methodology overcomes the design
New building design EPI the boundaries of energy efficiency Performance Index (EPI) of lower goals. Leadership today means traditional challenges such as growing
65 in buildings is essential. Innovative than 65 kWh/sq.m. per annum. Every not only building efficiently, but scale of infrastructure, elastic demand, Infosys continued on its workplace
kWh/sq.m./p.a. design, advanced insulation, smart aspect of a building – from insulation responsibly, reducing embodied speed and consistency of deployment transformation journey, to adapt to
HVAC systems, and renewable to high-performance glass and carbon to shape a resilient, low- and interdependence between teams. the hybrid future-ready scenario.
energy integration are redefining shading, efficient mechanical and carbon future. This initiative delivered significant The principles of Infosys workplace
possibilities. High-performance electrical systems to high-efficiency number of playbooks for automating strategy are focused on productivity,
Radiant cooling solution materials, passive solar techniques, equipment with variable speed, LCA has been an essential indicator platform-related processes across social connect, use of tech, health
patented in Europe and India and real-time energy monitoring building management system to for all our new buildings in fiscal hybrid cloud. and wellness, sustainability and
Radiflux reduce consumption and granular performance monitoring 2025. The LCA of our office buildings design for all. These are being
environmental impact. Net-zero and of individual equipment – has been have been estimated in the range of AIOps-powered digital operations followed in all new workplace
even energy-positive buildings are thoroughly studied for improvement 650 – 900 kg CO2e/sq.m. InfosysIT has implemented an designs of Infosys.
becoming viable goals. Emphasizing in every new building that we design Green IT advanced AIOps platform equipped The new workplace designs align
Majority of internal IT occupant comfort and health while and construct across Infosys. with a broad range of capabilities, space with purpose, empowering
applications moved minimizing resource use reflects The lush green campuses of InfosysIT has embedded sustainable including algorithmic noise reduction people and teams to perform their
to public cloud a holistic approach to design. As Infosys, equipped with world-class practices across the life cycles of and context-aware notifications. best. We believe as work continues
infrastructure technology evolves and awareness infrastructure, provides a unique service design, operations, and The digital operations suite delivers to evolve, so must our environments,
grows, we drive the ecosystem experience for our employees. disposal of IT assets. making reimagined workplace design
unified observability across both
players – architects, engineers, and With about 29.7 million sq.ft. Data center efficiency infrastructure and application a catalyst for culture, innovation and
Office space monitored policymakers – to further stretch the of the highest level of green long-term resilience.
layers, while also providing insights
through Infosys command center limits of energy efficiency. InfosysIT has taken up data center
building certification, Infosys’
38.5 modernization as a strategic initiative. into capacity utilization and cost Read more in our ESG Report 2025.
mn sq.ft. An integrated approach to design, leadership in high-performance efficiency. It is designed to ingest
Density-optimized hyperscale
implementation of innovative buildings remains unrivaled. Our and process large volumes of data
52 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 53
Delivering value
Social and Relationship Capital
Our Social and Relationship Capital guides us to bring the interests Our health interventions with CSR in EMEA region
Community
Material topics of our stakeholders to the fore. As enterprises focus on reshaping Kasturba Gandhi Hospital in Chennai
At the World Economic Forum (WEF)
their businesses in the digital era, we are helping our clients Springboard and Sri Satya Sai Sarla Memorial
• Client value on January 21st, 2025, Infosys and
drive transformation. Our social ambition focuses on serving Hospital near Bengaluru continued
Our ambition to serve the Street Child hosted a panel to address
• Inclusive development the development of people by shaping a future with meaningful to cater to underserved mothers and
development of people by shaping a Education in Emergencies. The
• Digital skilling opportunities for all. We deliver on expectations of nurturing social children with top-class equipment
future with meaningful opportunities discussion emphasized the critical
innovations and enabling employability through skill training of and care. We also helped Ramakrishna
UN SDG mapping for all sums up our work with the role of education in providing stability
communities. Mission hospitals across India with
community. Technology serves as a and hope during crises, essential for
advanced medical equipment.
catalyst in this. Infosys Springboard children’s well-being.
Our global CSR efforts address challenges across
is Infosys’ flagship digital learning We are committed to helping rural
CSR in APAC region
education, skilling and livelihood training, platform that empowers people with artisans and artists hold on to their
skills to be successful in the 21st traditions and crafts for sustainable Infosys Springboard reached over
healthcare, women empowerment, science and
century. Till date, we have reached 9.2 livelihoods. We collaborated with 40,000 active learners and recorded
research, environmental sustainability and more. million people including employees, Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan for Kala 14,000+ learning hours.
client’s workforce, students, teachers Dhwani, a unique arts extravaganza
Infosys Science Foundation
and communities with digital skilling where 800+ artists showcased 60+ art
initiatives. forms from five states. The Infosys Science Foundation
Creating value for our areas for improvement, and remain awards the Infosys Prize that
attuned to their evolving needs. Tech for Good As part of our responsibility towards
customers endeavors to elevate the prestige of
According to our latest annual client the planet, we have rejuvenated
The SightConnect mobile app, built science and research in India. Since
Digital transformation survey, the overall client experience lakes, restored stepwells and over
in partnership with the Infosys 2024, the prize is being awarded to
remains robust and has improved 2,00,000 seed balls made by Infosys
We help our customers navigate Foundation and LV Prasad Eye researchers who are 40 years or below
over the last year. An impressive 90% volunteers have germinated into
Performance highlights their digital transformation journeys of our clients expressed satisfaction Institute, leverages AI to revolutionize 40,000+ saplings. across six categories: Economics,
through our suite of services and eye care accessibility and accuracy. Engineering & Computer Science,
with Infosys.
solutions. Our digital architecture AI-powered features include Read more in the Foundation’s Humanities & Social Sciences, Life
drives outcomes for enterprises Our strong client relationships, intelligent triaging through multi- annual reports at Sciences, Mathematical Sciences, and
Infosys Prize winners since 2008 across five areas – Experience, Insight, extensive technical expertise, lingual eye-test questionnaire and https://www.infosys.com/infosys- Physical Sciences. Each Prize carries a
98 Innovate, Accelerate and Assure. Our scalability and strong execution visual acuity testing. As of fiscal foundation/about/reports.html. gold medal, a citation, and a purse of
experience of helping many clients capabilities continue to serve 2025, SightConnect has onboarded Infosys Foundation USA US$100,000. The work of the winners
through their digital transformation us well. Clients now have 1,75,000 patients, promoting of the Infosys Prize 2024 included
Lives empowered via Tech journeys has shown us that a Live heightened expectations for Infosys proactive eye health management Infosys Foundation USA is committed cutting edge research such as the
for Good programs Enterprise is one that is continuously engagements to positively impact and timely treatment. to expanding access to computer discovery of time crystals, the proof
125 investing in reinventing its operating their business outcomes. AI-led Infosys Foundation science and maker education for of a 75-year-old math problem, and
mn+ model while reimagining customer solutions, particularly those focusing K-12 students and educators across augmentation of human auditory
transformations. Our clients count on automation and operational In fiscal 2025, Infosys Foundation the USA, while equally working sensing with artificial intelligence.
on our operating models to help efficiency, are emerging as significant initiated the Education For to digitally upskill all learners Read more at https://www.
Learners enabled in digital skills navigate their next. opportunities. Employment program. Working with for 21st century technology- infosysprize.org/about-isf.html.
13.3 20+ partners, we have enhanced enabled opportunities. Through its
mn Details of our key customer services Client satisfaction: Trend of key employability skills of thousands of programming, signature initiatives Suppliers
and solutions are available at outcomes youth, many of them being placed and the two digital learning
Infosys’ strategic initiative to
https://www.infosys.com/industries/.
in jobs matching their skills. Our platforms of Infosys Springboard
6.08 accelerate decarbonization in its
6.11
Global CSR spends Client satisfaction 6.02 interventions through Avanti Fellows USA, the Foundation reached 1.1 supply chain – focuses on key IT
628 6.02 6.06 that preps students for entrance tests, million students and over 10,000 hardware manufacturing suppliers,
` cr At Infosys, delivering value to our 5.95 and STEM Stars Scholarship for girl educators in fiscal 2025, taking the prioritized by spend. This initiative is
clients, is at the centre of everything 5.94 5.99 students, have helped them pursue total number of students reached to
focused on securing detailed, forward-
we do. We conduct structured
5.84 STEM careers. The Foundation’s over 26 million and educators to over
looking decarbonization roadmaps
Beneficiaries of CSR projects Annual Client Value and Quarterly 5.78 5.84 sports tie-ups with Prakash 1.5 million since its inception. Read from these partners and enhancing
Engagement surveys. These surveys 5.72
in India Padukone Badminton Academy and more at https://www.infosys.org/ supplier engagement on ESG.
are designed to enhance our
10 2022-23 2023-24 2024-25 GoSports Foundation brought many infosys-foundation-usa/impact.html.
mn understanding of our relationships Read more about our CSR efforts and
international and national medals.
with client organizations, prioritize suppliers in our ESG Report 2025.
Loyalty Satisfaction Advocacy Business value
54 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 55
STATUTORY REPORTS
56 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 57
Statutory reports
Board’s report
Dear Members,
The Board of Directors hereby submits the report of the business and operations of your Company (“the Company” or “Infosys”), along
with the audited financial statements, for the financial year ended March 31, 2025. The consolidated performance of the Company and its
subsidiaries has been referred to wherever required.
1. Results of our operations and state of affairs
(in ` crore, except per equity share data)
Particulars Standalone Consolidated
For the year ended YoY For the year ended YoY
March 31, growth March 31, growth
(%) (%)
2025 2024 2025 2024
Revenue from operations 1,36,592 1,28,933 5.9 1,62,990 1,53,670 6.1
Other income, net* 4,782 7,417 (35.5) 3,600 4,711 (23.6)
Total income 1,41,374 1,36,350 3.7 1,66,590 1,58,381 5.2
Expenses
Cost of sales 94,111 89,032 5.7 1,13,347 1,07,413 5.5
Selling and marketing expenses 6,282 5,668 10.8 7,588 6,973 8.8
General and administration expenses 5,319 5,420 (1.9) 7,631 7,537 1.2
Total expenses 1,05,712 1,00,120 5.6 1,28,566 1,21,923 5.4
Profit / loss before finance cost and tax expenses 35,662 36,230 (1.6) 38,024 36,458 4.3
Finance cost 221 277 (20.2) 416 470 (11.5)
Profit before tax 35,441 35,953 (1.4) 37,608 35,988 4.5
Profit before tax (% of revenue) 25.9 27.9 23.1 23.4
Tax expense* 9,873 8,719 13.2 10,858 9,740 11.5
Profit after tax 25,568 27,234 (6.1) 26,750 26,248 1.9
Profit after tax (% of revenue) 18.7 21.1 16.4 17.1
Total other comprehensive income / (loss), net of tax 105 287 459 520
Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to the owners of 25,673 27,521 27,209 26,754
the Company
Profit attributable to owners of the Company 25,568 27,234 26,713 26,233
Non-controlling interests – – 37 15
Earnings per share (EPS)*
Basic 61.58 65.62 (6.2) 64.50 63.39 1.8
Diluted 61.46 65.56 (6.3) 64.34 63.29 1.7
1 crore = 10 million
Notes:
The above figures are extracted from the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as per the Indian Accounting
Standards (Ind AS).
Equity shares are at par value of `5 per share.
* Includes interest income (pre-tax) of ₹327 crore and reversal of net tax provisions amounting to ₹101 crore for fiscal 2025 on account of orders received under
Section 250 of the Income-tax Act, 1961, from the Income Tax authorities in India for certain assessment years. This has resulted in a positive impact on the
Basic and Diluted EPS by ₹1.03 on standalone and consolidated basis, respectively, for the year ended March 31, 2025.
Included interest income (pre-tax) of ₹1,933 crore and reversal of net tax provisions amounting to ₹38 crore for fiscal 2024 on account of orders received under
Sections 250 and 254 of the Income tax Act, 1961, from the Income Tax authorities in India for certain assessment years. This had resulted in a positive impact
on the Basic and Diluted EPS by ₹4.75 and ₹4.76 on standalone and consolidated basis, respectively, for the year ended March 31, 2024.
58 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Financial position
(in ` crore, except equity share data)
Particulars Standalone Consolidated
As at March 31, As at March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Net current assets 45,406 43,866 54,249 50,638
Property, plant and equipment (including capital work-in-progress) 10,848 11,090 12,592 12,663
Right-of-use assets 3,078 3,303 6,311 6,552
Goodwill and other intangible assets 211 211 12,872 8,700
Other non-current assets 33,631 29,394 20,029 20,467
Total assets 1,24,936 1,14,950 1,48,903 1,37,814
Non-current lease liabilities 2,694 3,088 5,772 6,400
Other non-current liabilities 3,148 3,600 4,078 4,159
Retained earnings – Opening balance 62,551 52,183 68,405 58,957
Add:
Profit for the year 25,568 27,234 26,713 26,233
Transfer from Special Economic Zone Re-investment Reserve to 2,999 824 2,999 867
retained earnings
Transfer from Special Economic Zone Re-investment Reserve on 821 – 881 –
utilization
Less:
Dividends (20,345) (14,733) (20,295) (14,692)
Transfer to legal reserve – – (2) (3)
Transfer to Special Economic Zone Re-investment Reserve (74) (2,957) (74) (2,957)
Retained earnings – Closing balance 71,520 62,551 78,627 68,405
Equity share capital 2,076 2,075 2,073 2,071
Other reserves and surplus (1) 13,608 16,527 12,116 15,092
Other comprehensive income 128 23 3,002 2,548
Non-controlling interest – – 385 345
Total equity 87,332 81,176 96,203 88,461
Total equity and liabilities 1,24,936 1,14,950 1,48,903 1,37,814
(1) Excluding retained earnings
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 59
Board’s report
Based on consolidated financial statements
Revenue distribution by geographical segments (in %)
60.1
57.9
29.8
27.6
9.8 9.2
2.5 3.1
North America Europe Rest of the World India
Revenue distribution by business segments (in %)
Revenue distribution by business segments (in %)
27.4 27.7
14.7 13.5 13.0 13.3 14.5 15.5
11.7 11.7
8.1 8.0 7.5 7.3
3.1 3.0
FS (1) Retail (2) COM (3) EURS (4) MFG (5) Hi-Tech (6) LS (7) Others (8)
2024 2025
(1) FS – Includes enterprises in Financial Services and Insurance
(2) Retail – Includes enterprises in Retail, Consumer Packaged Goods and Logistics
(3) COM – Includes enterprises in Communication, Telecom OEM and Media
(4) EURS – Includes enterprises in Energy, Utilities, Resources and Services
(5) MFG – Includes enterprises in Manufacturing
(6) Hi-Tech – Includes enterprises in Hi-Tech
(7) LS – Includes enterprises in Life Sciences and Healthcare
(8) Others – Includes segments of businesses in India, Japan, China, Infosys Public Services and other enterprises in public services
60 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Capital Allocation Policy As of March 31, 2025, we had ₹45,406 crore in working capital on
a standalone basis, and ₹54,249 crore on a consolidated basis.
"Effective from financial year 2025, the Company expects to
continue its policy of returning approximately 85% of the Consolidated cash and investments stand at `35,916 crore on a
free cash flow cumulatively over a five-year period through a standalone basis and ₹47,549 crore on a consolidated basis as on
combination of semi-annual dividends and / or share buyback March 31, 2025, as against ₹30,579 crore on a standalone basis,
/ special dividends, subject to applicable laws and requisite and ₹39,005 crore on a consolidated basis as on March 31, 2024.
approvals, if any." Under this policy, the Company expects to
Consolidated cash and investments, on both standalone and
progressively increase its annual dividend per share (excluding
consolidated basis, include deposits with banks with high credit
special dividend, if any). Free cash flow is defined as net cash
ratings by international and domestic credit rating agencies.
provided by operating activities less capital expenditure as per
As a result, liquidity risk of cash and cash equivalents is limited.
the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows prepared under IFRS.
Ratings are monitored periodically. Liquid assets also include
Dividend and buyback include applicable taxes.
investments in liquid mutual fund units, target maturity funds
During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Company paid units, Certificates of Deposit (CDs), Commercial Paper (CP),
an interim dividend of ₹21 per equity share and announced quoted bonds and securities issued by government and quasi-
a final dividend of ₹22 per share, subject to shareholders’ government organizations, and non-convertible debentures. CDs
approval in the ensuing Annual General Meeting (AGM). and CPs represent marketable securities of banks, Non-Banking
Including the final dividend declared above, the Company has Financial Companies (NBFCs) and eligible financial institutions for
returned approximately `17,814 crore, which is 51.6% of the a specified time period with high credit rating given by domestic
free cash flow for fiscal 2025 through dividends, in line with the credit rating agencies. Government securities are highly liquid
Capital Allocation Policy. and marketable instruments issued across tenure, backed by the
Government of India carrying a sovereign credit. Investments
The Capital Allocation Policy is available on our website, at made in non-convertible debentures are issued by government-
https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/ owned institutions and financial institutions with high credit
documents/capital-allocation-policy.pdf. rating. We invest after considering counterparty risks based on
multiple criteria including Tier-I capital, capital adequacy ratio,
Liquidity
credit rating, profitability, Non Performing Asset (NPA) levels and
Our principal sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, deposit base of banks and financial institutions.
investments and the cash flow that we generate from our
The details of these investments are disclosed under
operations. We continue to be debt-free and maintain sufficient
the ‘non-current and current investments’ section in the
cash to meet our strategic and operational requirements. We
Standalone and Consolidated financial statements in this
understand that liquidity in the Balance Sheet has to balance
Integrated Annual Report.
between earning adequate returns and the need to cover
financial and business requirements. Liquidity enables us to be
agile and ready for meeting unforeseen strategic and business
needs and opportunities.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 61
Board’s report
Capital expenditure on tangible assets
Standalone Consolidated
24.9% 75.0% 0.1% 28.4% 71.5% 0.1%
`336 crore `1,013 crore `2 crore `524 crore `1,317 crore `2 crore
Total - `1,351 crore Total -`1,843 crore
46.6% 53.3% 0.1% 47.0% 52.9% 0.1%
`669 crore `765 crore `1 crore `829 crore `931 crore `1 crore
Total -`1,435 crore Total -`1,761 crore
2025 Infrastructure Computer equipment Vehicles 2025 Infrastructure* Computer equipment* Vehicles*
2024 Infrastructure# Computer equipment# Vehicles 2024 Infrastructure Computer equipment Vehicles
Leases
Standalone Consolidated
54.9% 45.1% 38.2% 61.2% 0.6%
`430 crore `353 crore `816 crore `1,306 crore `13 crore
Total -`783 crore Total -`2,135 crore
44.4% 55.6% 17.3% 82.2% 0.5%
`336 crore `420 crore `394 crore `1,872 crore `12 crore
Total -`756 crore Total -`2,278 crore
2025 Buildings Computer equipment 2025 Buildings* Computer equipment Vehicles*
2024 Buildings Computer equipment 2024 Buildings Computer equipment Vehicles
# Excludes additions due to business transfer for Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE)
* Excludes additions due to business combinations both for Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE) and leases
62 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Dividend
The Company recommended / declared dividend as under:
Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
Dividend per Dividend payout Dividend per Dividend payout
share (in `) (in ` crore)# share (in `) (in ` crore)#
Interim dividend 21.00 8,720 18.00 7,471
Final dividend 22.00(1) 9,137(1) 20.00 8,302
Special dividend – – 8.00 3,320
Total dividend 43.00 46.00
Payout ratio (interim, final and special dividend)* 51.6%(2) 79.8%(3)
Note:
The Company declares and pays dividend in Indian rupees. Companies are required to pay / distribute dividend after deducting applicable withholding income
taxes. The remittance of dividends outside India is governed by Indian law on foreign exchange and is also subject to withholding tax at applicable rates.
# Based on standalone financial statements
* Payout ratio is computed as a percentage of free cash flow prepared under IFRS.
(1) Recommended by the Board of Directors at its meeting held on April 17, 2025. The payment is subject to the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing
AGM of the Company to be held on June 25, 2025. The record date for the purposes of the final dividend will be May 30, 2025, and payment will be made on
June 30, 2025.
(2) Our present Capital Allocation Policy is to pay approximately 85% of the free cash flow cumulatively over a five-year period through a combination of semi-
annual dividends and / or share buyback and / or special dividends, subject to applicable laws and requisite approvals, if any. Free cash flow is defined as net
cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditure as per the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows prepared under IFRS.
(3) Our past Capital Allocation Policy was to pay up to 85% of the free cash flow cumulatively over a five-year period through a combination of semi-annual
dividends and / or share buyback and / or special dividends, subject to applicable laws and requisite approvals, if any which was completed in March 31, 2024.
Particulars of loans, guarantees or investments Management’s discussion and analysis
Loans, guarantees and investments covered under Section 186 of In terms of the provisions of Regulation 34 of the SEBI (Listing
the Companies Act, 2013 ("the Act") form part of the Notes to the Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
financial statements provided in this Integrated Annual Report. (“the Listing Regulations”) as amended from time to time,
the Management’s discussion and analysis is set out in this
Transfer to reserves
Integrated Annual Report.
We do not propose to transfer any amount to the general reserve Risk management report
on declaration of dividend.
In terms of the provisions of Section 134 of the Act, the Risk
Changes in the nature of business
management report is set out in this Integrated Annual Report.
The Company did not undergo any change in the nature of its Board policies
business during fiscal 2025.
The details of the policies approved and adopted by the
Fixed deposits
Board as required under the Act and Securities and Exchange
Board of India (SEBI) regulations are provided in Annexure 8
We have not accepted any fixed deposits, including from the
to the Board’s report.
public, and, as such, no amount of principal or interest was
outstanding as of the Balance Sheet date. Material changes and commitments affecting
Particulars of contracts or arrangements made financial position between the end of the
with related parties financial year and date of the report
The Company did not enter into any contracts, arrangements There have been no material changes and commitments, which
or transactions during fiscal 2025 that fall under the scope affect the financial position of the Company, that have occurred
of Section 188(1) of the Act. As required under the Act, between the end of the financial year to which the financial
the prescribed Form AOC-2 is appended as Annexure 2 statements relate and the date of this report.
to the Board’s report.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 63
Board’s report
2. Business description During the year, the Board of Directors reviewed the affairs of
the subsidiaries. In accordance with Section 129(3) of the Act,
Strategy we have prepared the Consolidated financial statements of the
Our clients and prospective clients are faced with transformative Company, which form part of this Integrated Annual Report.
business opportunities due to advances in software and Further, a statement containing the salient features of the
computing technology. These organizations are dealing with financial statements of our subsidiaries in the prescribed format
the challenge of having to reinvent their core offerings, AOC-1 is appended as Annexure 1 to the Board’s report. The
processes, and systems rapidly and position themselves as statement also provides details of the performance and financial
‘AI-first’ organizations. Our strategy is to be a navigator for our position of each of the subsidiaries, along with the changes that
clients as they ideate, plan, and execute their journey to an AI occurred, during fiscal 2025.
future. We are progressing well on our journey to leverage AI to
In accordance with Section 136 of the Act, the audited financial
deliver business value with safeguards around privacy, ethics,
statements, including the consolidated financial statements and
and controls. For details, refer to the Strategy section of this
related information of the Company and audited accounts of its
Integrated Annual Report.
subsidiaries, are available on our website, at www.infosys.com.
Organization
3. Human resources management
Our go-to-market business units and solutions are detailed in the
Operating context section of this Integrated Annual Report. Our employees are our most important assets. We are committed
to hiring and retaining the best talent and being among the
Infrastructure
industry’s leading employers. For this, we focus on promoting a
There has been a net decrease of 0.30 million sq.ft. of physical collaborative, transparent and participative organizational culture,
infrastructure space during the year. The total available space as and rewarding merit and sustained high performance. Our human
on March 31, 2025 stands at 56.33 million sq.ft. We have presence resources management focuses on allowing our employees to
in 59 countries across 292 locations as on March 31, 2025. The net develop their skills, grow in their career and navigate their next.
decline in the area is due to optimization of real estate space.
Resolution hubs
Mergers and Acquisitions (M&A)
Infosys’ unwavering commitment has always been to foster
Infosys has a systematic M&A approach aimed to strengthen an open, inclusive and safe workplace where every employee
its capabilities, deepen industry expertise, and expand its can thrive. The organization’s goal is to ensure that employees,
geographical footprint. regardless of gender, sexual orientation, or any other
distinguishing factors, feel empowered to contribute to the
During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Group entered into
best of their abilities. In line with this, we encourage an open-
definitive agreements to acquire:
door policy that allows employees to voice their concerns and
1. in-tech Holding GmbH, a leading provider of engineering R&D seek support through Resolution hubs comprising Hearing
services headquartered in Germany and the said acquisition Employees and Resolving (HEAR) for workplace-related issues and
was completed on July 17, 2024. Anti-Sexual Harassment Initiative (ASHI) for sexual harassment
complaints. Our forums include a well-established and robust
2. Blitz 24-893 SE, Germany, through Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd.,
grievance resolution mechanism.
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited, and the said
acquisition was completed on October 28, 2024. Resolution hubs adhere to the principles of natural justice,
ensure confidentiality, and non-retaliation while addressing
Further, during its meeting held on April 17, 2025, the Board
concerns. The concerns are handled with utmost sensitivity
of Directors resolved to approve the following, subject to
and are redressed in a time-bound manner. A detailed
customary closing adjustments:
investigation is conducted to ensure fairness and provide
1. Acquisition of MRE Consulting Limited, a leading energy an opportunity to present facts and any material evidence
consulting company headquartered in the US. pertaining to the grievance.
2. Acquisition of The Missing Link Automation Pty Ltd, a leading
Our ASHI initiative has set an industry benchmark, being
cybersecurity services provider headquartered in Australia.
ranked first among 350+ companies that participated in an
external survey on the best anti-sexual harassment initiatives
Subsidiaries in 2017 and 2019-2024.
We, along with our subsidiaries, provide consulting, technology,
Infosys has constituted an Internal Committee (IC) in all the
outsourcing and next-generation digital services. At the
development centers of the Company in India to consider and
beginning of the year, we had 28 direct subsidiaries and 63
resolve all sexual harassment complaints reported by women.
step-down subsidiaries. As on March 31, 2025, we have 30 direct
The IC has been constituted as per the Sexual Harassment of
subsidiaries and 76 step-down subsidiaries. Further, the Company
Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal)
does not have any material subsidiary.
Act, 2013, and the committee includes external members from
On April 17, 2025, the Board approved dilution of 2% stake in non-governmental organizations or with relevant experience.
Infosys' majority-owned step-down subsidiary HIPUS Co., Ltd in Investigations are conducted and decisions made by the IC at
Japan, to Mitsubishi Heavy Industries. the respective locations, with a senior female employee serving
64 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
as the presiding officer in each case. Half of the total members and provide share-based incentives to eligible employees of
of the IC are women. The role of the IC is not restricted to mere the Company and its subsidiaries under the 2019 Plan. The
redressal of complaints but also encompasses prevention and maximum number of shares under the 2019 Plan shall not
prohibition of sexual harassment. In the last few years, the IC exceed 5,00,00,000 equity shares. To implement the 2019
has worked extensively on creating awareness on relevance of Plan, up to 4,50,00,000 equity shares may be issued by way of
sexual harassment issues in the new normal by using new and secondary acquisition of shares by the Infosys Expanded Stock
innovative measures to help employees understand the forms of Ownership Trust. The RSUs granted under the 2019 Plan shall
sexual harassment while working remotely. The details of sexual vest based on the achievement of defined annual performance
harassment complaints that were filed, resolved and pending parameters as determined by the administrator (the Nomination
during the financial year are provided in the Business Responsibility and Remuneration Committee). The performance parameters
and Sustainability Report of this Integrated Annual Report. will be based on a combination of relative Total Shareholder
Return (TSR) against selected industry peers and certain broader
Particulars of employees
market domestic and global indices and operating performance
The Company had 2,49,726 employees on a standalone basis and metrics of the Company as decided by the administrator.
3,23,578 employees on a consolidated basis as of March 31, 2025. Each of the above performance parameters will be distinct for
the purposes of calculation of the quantity of shares to vest
The percentage increase in remuneration, ratio of remuneration
based on performance. These instruments will generally vest
of each director and key managerial personnel (KMP) (as required
between a minimum of one and a maximum of three years
under the Act) to the median of employees’ remuneration, and
from the grant date.
the list of top 10 employees in terms of remuneration drawn, as
required under Section 197(12) of the Act, read with Rule 5 of 2015 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan (“the 2015 Plan”)
the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial
On March 31, 2016, pursuant to the approval by the shareholders
Personnel) Rules, 2014, form part of Annexure 3 to this Board’s
through postal ballot, the Board was authorized to introduce,
report. The statement containing particulars of employees
offer, issue and allot share-based incentives to eligible employees
employed throughout the year and in receipt of remuneration of
of the Company and its subsidiaries under the 2015 Plan. The
`1.02 crore or more per annum and employees employed for part
maximum number of shares under the 2015 Plan shall not
of the year and in receipt of remuneration of `8.5 lakh or more
exceed 2,40,38,883 equity shares (not adjusted for bonus issue).
per month, as required under Section 197(12) of the Act, read
These instruments will vest generally over a period of four years
with Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration
and shall be exercisable within the period as approved by the
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, is provided in a separate
administrator. The exercise price of the RSUs will be equal to the
exhibit forming part of this report and is available on the website
par value of the shares and the exercise price of the stock options
of the Company, at https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-
would be the market price as on the date of grant.
filings/Documents/exhibitboards-report2025.pdf. The Integrated
Annual Report is being sent to the shareholders excluding the Consequent to the September 2018 bonus issue, all the then
aforesaid exhibit. Shareholders interested in obtaining this outstanding options granted under the stock option plan have
information may access the same from the Company website. In been adjusted for bonus shares.
accordance with Section 136 of the Act, this exhibit is available for
The total number of equity shares and American Depositary
inspection by shareholders through electronic mode.
Receipts (ADRs) to be allotted to the employees of the Company
Notes: and its subsidiaries under the 2015 Plan does not cumulatively
1. The employees mentioned in the aforesaid exhibit have / had permanent exceed 1% of the issued capital. For the shares and ADRs issued
employment contracts with the Company. under the 2019 Plan, the cumulative amount does not exceed
2. The employees are neither relatives of any directors of the Company, 1.15% of the issued capital. The 2019 Plan and 2015 Plan are
nor hold 2% or more of the paid-up equity share capital of the Company in compliance with the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits
as per Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021, as amended from time
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.
to time, and there has been no material change to the plans
3. The details of employees posted outside India and in receipt of a
during the fiscal 2025.
remuneration of `60 lakh or more per annum or `5 lakh or more a month
can be made available on specific request. The details of the 2019 Plan and 2015 Plan, including terms of
Employee stock options / Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) reference, and the requirement specified under Regulation 14
of the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity)
/ Performance stock units (PSUs)
Regulations, 2021, are available on the Company’s website, at
The Company grants share-based benefits to eligible employees
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/Documents/
with a view to attracting and retaining the best talent,
disclosures-pursuant-SEBI-regulations2025.pdf.
encouraging employees to align individual performances with the
Company objectives, and promoting their increased participation The details of the 2019 Plan and 2015 Plan form part of
in the growth of the Company. the Notes to accounts of the financial statements in this
Integrated Annual Report.
Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Program 2019
(“the 2019 Plan”)
On June 22, 2019, pursuant to the approval by the shareholders
at the AGM, the Board was authorized to introduce, offer, issue
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 65
Board’s report
4. Corporate governance other matters, as required under sub-section (3) of Section 178 of
the Act, is available on our website, at
Our corporate governance philosophy https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/
Our corporate governance practices are a reflection of our value documents/nomination- remuneration-policy.pdf.
system encompassing our culture, policies, and relationships
We affirm that the remuneration paid to the directors is as
with our stakeholders. Integrity and transparency are key to our
per the terms laid out in the Nomination and Remuneration
corporate governance practices to ensure that we gain and retain
Policy of the Company.
the trust of our stakeholders at all times. Corporate governance
is about maximizing shareholder value legally, ethically Declaration by independent directors
and sustainably. At Infosys, the Board exercises its fiduciary
The Company has received necessary declaration from
responsibilities in the widest sense of the term. Our disclosures
each independent director that he / she meets the criteria
seek to attain the best practices in international corporate
of independence laid down in Section 149(6), Code for
governance. We also endeavor to enhance long-term shareholder
independent directors of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the
value and respect minority rights in all our business decisions.
Listing Regulations.
Our Corporate governance report for fiscal 2025 forms part of this
Board evaluation
Integrated Annual Report.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee engaged Egon
Board diversity Zehnder, external consultants, to conduct Board evaluation
The Company recognizes and embraces the importance of a for the year. The evaluation of all the directors, committees,
diverse Board in its success. We believe that a truly diverse Board Chairman of the Board, and the Board as a whole, was conducted
will leverage differences in thought, perspective, regional and based on the criteria and framework adopted by the Board. The
industry experience, cultural and geographical background, Board evaluation process was completed during fiscal 2025. The
age, ethnicity, race, gender, knowledge and skills, including evaluation parameters and the process have been explained
expertise in financial, diversity, global business, leadership, in the Corporate governance report that forms part of this
information technology, mergers and acquisitions, Board service Integrated Annual Report.
and governance, sales and marketing, Environmental, Social and
Familiarization program for independent directors
Governance (ESG), risk management and cybersecurity and other
All new independent directors inducted into the Board
domains, which will ensure that Infosys retains its competitive
attend an orientation program. The details of the training
advantage. The Board Diversity Policy adopted by the Board sets
and familiarization program are provided in the Corporate
out its approach to diversity.
governance report. Further, at the time of the appointment
The policy is available on our website, at of an independent director, the Company issues a formal
https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/ letter of appointment outlining his / her role, function, duties
documents/board- diversity-policy.pdf. and responsibilities. The format of the letter of appointment
is available on our website, at https://www.infosys.com/
Additional details on Board diversity are available in
investors/corporate-governance/ Documents/appointment-
the Corporate governance report that forms part of this
independent-director.pdf.
Integrated Annual Report.
Directors and Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)
Number of meetings of the Board
Inductions
The Board met five times during the financial year. The meeting
details are provided in the Corporate governance report that The Board, at its meeting held on December 11, 2023, appointed
forms part of this Integrated Annual Report. The maximum Jayesh Sanghrajka as the Chief Financial Officer and KMP of the
interval between any two meetings did not exceed 120 days, as Company effective April 1, 2024.
prescribed by the Act.
Reappointment
Policy on directors’ appointment and remuneration Director liable to retire by rotation
The current policy is to have an appropriate mix of executive,
Pursuant to the provisions of the Act, Salil Parekh, Chief Executive
non-executive and independent directors to maintain the
Officer and Managing Director, whose term extends until
independence of the Board and separate its functions of
March 31, 2027 and who is liable to retire at the forthcoming
governance and management. As of March 31, 2025, the Board
Annual General Meeting, is eligible and has offered himself
had nine members, consisting of an executive director, a non-
for reappointment. Based on the performance evaluation and
executive and non-independent director and seven independent
the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration
directors. Two of the independent directors of the Board are
Committee, the Board recommends his reappointment.
women. The details of Board and committee composition,
tenure of directors, areas of expertise and other details are Retirements and resignations
available in the Corporate overview section that forms part of this During the year, there was no retirement or resignation
Integrated Annual Report. of Directors or KMP.
The policy of the Company on directors’ appointment Committees of the Board
and remuneration, including the criteria for determining
As on March 31, 2025, the Board had six committees: Audit
qualifications, positive attributes, independence of a director and
Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility Committee,
66 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Risk Management Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF)
Committee, Stakeholders Relationship Committee and
During the year, the Company transferred the unclaimed and un-
Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) Committee. All
encashed dividends of ₹3,54,50,639 to the IEPF. Further, 51,242
committees comprise only independent directors, one of whom
corresponding shares on which dividends were unclaimed for
is chosen as the chairperson of the committee.
seven consecutive years were transferred. The Company also
A Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee of the Risk Management paid ₹3,46,92,959 towards dividend in respect of shares that
Committee has been constituted to assess and enhance were held by the IEPF.
preparedness to mitigate cybersecurity risks. The sub-committee
The details of the resultant benefits arising out of shares already
comprise only independent directors, one of whom is chosen as
transferred to the IEPF, year-wise amounts of unclaimed / un-
the chairperson of the committee.
encashed dividends lying in the unpaid dividend accounts up
During the year, all recommendations made by the committees to the year, and the corresponding shares, which are liable to
were approved by the Board. be transferred, are provided in the Corporate governance report
and are also available on our website, at www.infosys.com/
A detailed note on the composition of the Board and its
IEPF. Details of shares / dividend transferred to the IEPF can also
committees is provided in the Corporate governance report, which
be obtained by accessing https://www.infosys.com/investors/
forms part of this Integrated Annual Report.
shareholder-services/unclaimed-dividend-shares.html.
Cybersecurity Members are requested to claim the dividend(s), which have
At Infosys, our employees operate in a hybrid model. Hence, we remained unclaimed/unpaid, by sending a written request to
continue to remain vigilant about the evolving cybersecurity the Company at investors@infosys.com or to the Company’s
threat landscape and stay abreast of the latest evolving Registrar and Transfer Agent KFin Technologies Ltd at einward.
cybersecurity threats across the global landscape. To maintain ris@kfintech.com or at their address at KFin Technologies
a strong cybersecurity posture, the Information Security team Ltd, Selenium Tower B, Plot Nos. 31 & 32, Financial District,
monitors global cybersecurity events, ensuring ongoing Nanakramguda, Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad - 500032.
compliance and its sustenance. Infosys is certified against the Members can find the details of Nodal Officer appointed by
Information Security Management System (ISMS) Standard ISO the Company under the provisions of the IEPF and the details
27001:2022. Additionally, we have been attested for SSAE 18 and of unclaimed dividend and shares at https://www.infosys.com/
ISAE 3402 SOC 1 and SOC 2 by an independent audit firm. investors/shareholder-services/unclaimed-dividend-shares.html.
During fiscal 2025, we have successfully strengthened our Directors’ responsibility statement
cybersecurity posture by embracing cutting-edge technology,
The financial statements are prepared in accordance with
tools, and processes. We have focused on cybersecurity
the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) under the historical
personnel training, reskilling, and fostering a security culture
cost convention on accrual basis except for certain financial
of inclusive and collective ownership. We have empowered the
instruments, which are measured at fair values, and defined
developer community with dedicated courses and resource kits,
benefit liability/(asset) which is recognized at the present value
aligning with our broader initiatives to enhance cybersecurity
of defined benefit obligation less fair value of plan assets, the
processes, technologies, and overall posture.
provisions of the Act and guidelines issued by SEBI. The Ind AS
Internal financial control and its adequacy are prescribed under Section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 3
of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015
The Board has adopted policies and procedures for ensuring
and relevant amendment rules issued thereafter. Accounting
the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including
policies have been consistently applied except where a newly-
adherence to the Company’s policies, safeguarding of its assets,
issued accounting standard is initially adopted or a revision to an
prevention and detection of fraud, error-reporting mechanisms,
existing accounting standard requires a change in the accounting
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and timely
policy hitherto in use.
preparation of reliable financial disclosures. For more details,
refer to the ‘Internal control systems and their adequacy’ section The directors confirm that:
in the Management’s discussion and analysis, which forms part of
• In preparation of the annual accounts for the financial year
this Integrated Annual Report.
ended March 31, 2025, the applicable accounting standards
Annual return have been followed and there are no material departures.
In accordance with the Act, the annual return in the prescribed • They have selected such accounting policies and applied
format is available at https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports- them consistently, and made judgments and estimates
filings/documents/annual-returns-2024-25.pdf. that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and
fair view of the state of affairs of the Company at the end
Secretarial standards of the financial year and of the profit of the Company for
The Company complies with all applicable secretarial standards that period.
issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India. • They have taken proper and sufficient care towards the
maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance
Listing on stock exchanges
with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of
The Company’s shares are listed on BSE Limited and the National the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and
Stock Exchange of India Limited, and its American Depositary other irregularities.
Shares (ADSs) are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE).
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 67
Board’s report
• They have prepared the annual accounts on a going concern 6. Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
basis.
Infosys has been an early adopter of CSR initiatives. The
• They have laid down internal financial controls, which are
Company works primarily through the Infosys Foundation,
adequate and are operating effectively.
towards supporting projects in the areas of education and
• They have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with
skill development to enable sustained livelihoods, healthcare
the provisions of all applicable laws, and such systems are
including preventive health, environmental sustainability and
adequate and operating effectively.
ecological balance, gender equality and empowerment of
women, promotion of national heritage, art and culture, rural
5. Audit reports and auditors development and disaster relief and rehabilitation.
Audit reports The Company’s CSR Policy is available on our website, at https://
www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/Documents/
The Auditors’ Report for fiscal 2025 does not contain any
corporate-social-responsibility-policy.pdf.
qualification, reservation, or adverse remark. The report is
enclosed with the financial statements in this The annual report on our CSR activities is appended as
Integrated Annual Report. Annexure 6 to the Board’s report, which forms part of this
Integrated Annual Report. Infosys also undertakes CSR
The Secretarial Auditors’ Report for fiscal 2025 does not contain
initiatives outside of India, in the US, Australia, and across
any qualification, reservation, or adverse remark. The Secretarial
Europe. The initiatives in the US are carried out through Infosys
Auditors’ Report is enclosed as Annexure 5 to the Board’s report,
Foundation USA. The said initiatives are over and above the
which forms part of this Integrated Annual Report.
statutory requirement.
The Auditor’s Certificate confirming compliance with conditions
The highlights of the initiatives undertaken by the Company,
of corporate governance as stipulated under the Listing
Infosys Foundation, and Infosys Foundation USA form part of this
Regulations, for fiscal 2025 is enclosed as Annexure 4 to the
Integrated Annual Report.
Board’s report, which forms part of this Integrated Annual Report.
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
The Secretarial Auditor’s certificate on the implementation of
share-based schemes in accordance with SEBI (Share Based In October 2020, the Company launched its ESG Vision 2030.
Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021, will be Our focus remains steadfast on leveraging technology to
made available during the AGM, electronically. address climate change and inform sustainable water and waste
management practices. On the social front, the emphasis is on
Auditors
amplifying human potential and creating the next opportunity
Statutory auditor for people, businesses and communities. We continue to serve
Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm the interests of our stakeholders by leading through our core
registration no: 117366 W/W-100018) was appointed as the values and setting benchmarks in corporate governance.
statutory auditors of the Company, to hold office for the second
The ESG Committee was constituted on April 14, 2021, to oversee
term of five consecutive years from the conclusion of the 41st
matters related to guide and oversee our efforts to achieve the
AGM of the Company held on June 25, 2022, till the conclusion of
ambitions set forth in our ESG Vision 2030. The ESG Committee
the 46th AGM to be held in 2027, as required under Section 139 of
reports to the Board and meets every quarter to review
the Act read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014.
progress on ESG performance.
Secretarial auditor
Business Responsibility and Sustainability
Based on the recommendation of the Board in its meeting held Report (BRSR)
on April 17, 2025, Makarand M. Joshi & Co., Company Secretaries
The BRSR follows the National Guidelines on Responsible
(Firm registration no: P2009MH007000), is proposed to be
Business Conduct (NGRBC) principles on the social,environmental
appointed as secretarial auditors of the Company to hold office
and economic responsibilities of business.
for a term of five consecutive years commencing from financial
year 2025-26 till financial year 2029-30 subject to the approval of Our BRSR includes our responses to questions about our
shareholders as per the Listing Regulations read with Section 204 practices and performance on key principles defined by
of the Act and Rules thereunder. Regulation 34(2)(f) of the Listing Regulations as amended from
time to time, which cover topics across all ESG dimensions.
Cost records and cost audit
Further SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-SE-2/P/
Maintenance of cost records and requirement of cost
CIR/2023/122 dated July 12, 2023, updated the format of BRSR to
audit as prescribed under the provisions of Section 148(1)
incorporate BRSR core, a subset of BRSR indicating specific Key
of the Act are not applicable for the business activities
Performance Indicators (KPIs) under nine principles of business
carried out by the Company.
responsibility which are subject to mandatory reasonable
Reporting of frauds by auditors assurance by an independent assurance provider.
During fiscal 2025, the statutory auditor and the secretarial In accordance with this requirement, we also publish a
auditor have not reported any instance of fraud committed in the comprehensive ESG Report annually, based on the GRI standard
Company by its officers or employees. 2021. The ESG Report is available at https://www.infosys.com/
sustainability/documents/infosys-esg-report-2024-25.pdf.
68 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP has also assured certain select 8. Other disclosures and affirmations
indicators of the ESG report designed based on GRI standards.
Pursuant to the provisions of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014,
7. Conservation of energy, research and the Company affirms that for the year ended on March 31, 2025:
development, technology absorption, foreign a. There were no proceedings, either filed by the Company or
exchange earnings and outgo against the Company, pending under the Insolvency and
Bankruptcy Code, 2016, before the National Company Law
The particulars, as prescribed under Section 134(3)(m) of the Act, Tribunal or any other court.
read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, are enclosed
b. There was no instance of one-time settlement with any bank
as Annexure 7 to the Board’s report, which forms part of this
or financial institution.
Integrated Annual Report.
c. There were no significant and material orders passed by the
regulators or courts or tribunals impacting the going concern
status and the Company’s operations in future.
Acknowledgements
We thank our clients, vendors, investors, bankers, employee volunteers and trustees of Infosys Foundation, Infosys Foundation USA and
Infosys Science Foundation for their continued support during the year. We place on record our appreciation for the contribution made
by our employees at all levels. Our consistent growth was made possible by their hard work, solidarity, co-operation and support.
We thank the governments of various countries where we have our operations. We thank the Government of India, particularly the
Ministry of Labour and Employment, the Ministry of Environment and Forests, the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy, the Ministry
of Communications, the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (Dept of IT), the Ministry of Commerce and Industry,
the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, the Central Board of Direct Taxes, the Central Board of Indirect Taxes and
Customs, GST authorities, the Reserve Bank of India, Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), various departments under the state
governments and union territories, the Software Technology Parks (STPs) / Special Economic Zones (SEZs) – Bengaluru, Bhubaneswar,
Chandigarh, Chennai, Delhi, Coimbatore , Gurugram, Hubballi, Hyderabad, Indore, Jaipur, Kolkata, Mangaluru, Mohali, Mumbai, Mysuru,
Nagpur, Noida, Pune, Thiruvananthapuram, Ahmedabad, Guwahati, Visakhapatnam – and other government agencies for their support,
and look forward to their continued support in the future. We also thank the US federal government, the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission, the Internal Revenue Service, and various state governments, especially those of Indiana, Rhode Island, Connecticut, Texas,
Arizona and North Carolina.
for and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Sd/- Sd/-
Bengaluru Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh
April 17, 2025 Chairman Chief Executive Officer
DIN: 00041245 and Managing Director
DIN : 01876159
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 69
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Annexures to the Board’s Report
Annexure I – Statement containing the salient features of the financial statements of subsidiaries / associate
companies / joint ventures
(Pursuant to first provision to sub-section (3) of Section 129 of the Companies Act,2013, read with Rule 5 of the companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 - AOC -1)
(In ₹ crore, except % of shareholding and exchange rate)
Sl. Name of the Country Financial Date of Exchange Share Reserves Total Total Investments Turnover(1) Profit / Provision Profit / % of
No. subsidiary period acquisition rate/ capital and assets liabilities (includes (Loss) for (Loss) shareholding
ended Reporting surplus (excluding inter- before taxation(1) after
currency share capital company taxation(1) taxation(1)
and reserves transactions)
and surplus)
1 Infosys BPM India Mar 31, NA INR 34 3,242 5,521 2,245 816 8,501 1,011 238 773 100
Limited(2) 2025
2 Infosys Germany Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 15 (1,154) 6,364 7,503 – 3,534 (259) (1) (258) 100
Automotive 2024 ₹89.2
and Mobility
GmbH & Co.
KG(2)
3 Infosys US Dec 31, Dec 4, 1 USD = 175 975 5,341 4,191 – 3,191 (119) (29) (90) 100
McCamish 2024 2009 ₹85.62
Systems LLC(3)
4 EdgeVerve India Mar 31, NA INR 1,312 471 2,705 922 616 4,090 1,536 441 1,095 100
Systems 2025
Limited
(EdgeVerve)(2)
5 Infosys Public US Mar 31, NA 1 USD = 98 1,647 2,517 772 – 1,894 472 134 338 100
Services, Inc. 2025 ₹85.48
USA (Infosys
Public
Services)(2)
6 Infy Consulting UK Mar 31, NA 1 GBP = 135 229 985 621 – 2,304 106 31 75 100
Company 2025 ₹110.7
Limited(4)
7 Infosys Poland Poland Mar 31, Oct 1, 1 PLN = 4 1,223 1,666 439 135 1,219 180 35 145 100
Sp. Z.o.o(3) 2025 2007 ₹22.07
8 Stater The Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 8 125 543 410 – 1,289 59 15 44 75
Nederland Netherlands 2024 ₹89.2
B.V.(5)
9 WongDoody, US Dec 31, NA 1 USD = 1 432 618 185 – 864 70 10 60 100
Inc(2)(28) 2024 ₹85.62
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Sl. Name of the Country Financial Date of Exchange Share Reserves Total Total Investments Turnover(1) Profit / Provision Profit / % of
No. subsidiary period acquisition rate/ capital and assets liabilities (includes (Loss) for (Loss) shareholding
ended Reporting surplus (excluding inter- before taxation(1) after
currency share capital company taxation(1) taxation(1)
and reserves transactions)
and surplus)
10 Infosys China Dec 31, NA 1 RMB = 368 300 1,102 434 – 1,072 179 29 150 100
Technologies 2024 ₹11.67
(China) Co.
Limited
(Infosys
China)(2)
11 Blue Acorn iCi US Dec 31, Oct 27, 1 USD = 6 325 419 88 – 619 78 9 69 100
Inc (formerly 2024 2020 ₹85.62
Beringer
Commerce
Inc)(6)(30)
12 Infosys Singapore Mar 31, Nov 16, 1 SGD = 13 290 487 184 – 673 106 19 87 60
Compaz Pte. 2025 2018 ₹ 63.71
Ltd(7)
13 Infosys Switzerland Dec 31, NA 1 CHF = 1 183 354 170 – 530 116 26 90 100
Consulting 2024 ₹94.72
AG(4)
14 Infosys Mexico Dec 31, NA 1 MXN = 65 465 790 260 – 637 120 38 82 100
Technologies 2024 ₹4.14
S. de R. L. de
C. V. (Infosys
Mexico)(2)
15 Infosys Germany Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 17 133 269 119 – 514 38 7 31 100
Consulting 2024 ₹89.2
GmbH(4)
16 Infosys (Czech Czech Mar 31, NA 1 CZK = 3 99 215 113 – 328 (1) 8 (9) 100
Republic) Republic 2025 ₹3.7
Limited s.r.o.(3)
17 Infosys China Dec 31, NA 1 RMB = 1,004 (604) 781 381 – 406 (91) – (91) 100
Technologies 2024 ₹11.67
(Shanghai)
Company
Limited
(Infosys
Shanghai)(2)
18 Infosys Brazil Dec 31, NA 1 BRL = 421 (273) 317 169 – 376 31 (12) 43 100
Consulting 2024 ₹13.85
Ltda.(2)
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Sl. Name of the Country Financial Date of Exchange Share Reserves Total Total Investments Turnover(1) Profit / Provision Profit / % of
No. subsidiary period acquisition rate/ capital and assets liabilities (includes (Loss) for (Loss) shareholding
ended Reporting surplus (excluding inter- before taxation(1) after
currency share capital company taxation(1) taxation(1)
and reserves transactions)
and surplus)
19 Infosys Romania Dec 31, NA 1 RON = 17 103 213 93 – 400 27 4 23 100
Romania 2024 ₹17.91
S.r.l. (formerly
Infosys
Consulting
S.R.L.
(Romania)(2)
20 HIPUS Co., Japan Mar 31, Apr 1, 1 JPY = 32 117 1,419 1,270 – 380 45 14 31 81
Ltd (7) 2025 2019 ₹0.57
21 Kaleidoscope US Dec 31, Oct 9, 1 USD = – 210 293 83 – 596 74 14 60 100
Animations 2024 2020 ₹85.62
Inc(6)(30)
22 Portland Group Australia Mar 31, Jan 4, 1 AUD = 18 32 189 139 – 182 – – – 100
Pty Ltd(3) 2025 2012 ₹53.81
23 Panaya Ltd.(8) Israel Dec 31, NA 1 USD = 256 (551) 115 410 – 355 62 1 61 100
2024 ₹85.62
24 Fluido Oy(9) Finland Dec 31, Oct 11, 1 EUR = 5 135 216 76 – 324 13 (1) 14 100
2024 2018 ₹89.2
25 Infosys Sweden Dec 31, NA 1 SEK = 2 214 413 197 – 356 73 14 59 100
Technologies 2024 ₹7.79
(Sweden)
AB (Infosys
Sweden)(2)
26 Infosys Australia Dec 31, NA 1 AUD = 17 49 112 46 – 372 28 8 20 100
Management 2024 ₹53.24
Consulting Pty.
Limited(4)
27 BASE life Denmark Jun 30, Sep 1, 1 DKK = 1 (96) 181 276 – 297 (66) 16 (82) 100
science A/S(9) 2024 2022 ₹11.98
28 Stater Belgium Belgium Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 54 51 158 53 – 213 26 9 17 75
N.V./S.A.(5)(12) 2024 ₹89.2
29 GuideVision, Czech Dec 31, Oct 1, 1 CZK = – 137 199 62 – 231 52 11 41 100
s.r.o.(13) Republic 2024 2020 ₹3.54
30 Infosys Luxembourg Mar 31, NA 1 EUR = 26 31 123 66 – 223 23 6 17 100
Luxembourg 2025 ₹92.09
S.a.r.l(2)
31 Stater N.V.(7) The Dec 31, May 23, 1 EUR = 36 384 769 349 – 217 19 2 17 75
Netherlands 2024 2019 ₹89.2
Annexures
to
the
Board's
report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Sl. Name of the Country Financial Date of Exchange Share Reserves Total Total Investments Turnover(1) Profit / Provision Profit / % of
No. subsidiary period acquisition rate/ capital and assets liabilities (includes (Loss) for (Loss) shareholding
ended Reporting surplus (excluding inter- before taxation(1) after
currency share capital company taxation(1) taxation(1)
and reserves transactions)
and surplus)
32 Infosys Singapore Dec 31, NA 1 SGD = 7,227 184 8,953 1,542 – 241 228 26 202 100
Singapore Pte. 2024 ₹62.91
Ltd. (Infosys
Singapore)(2)
33 Infosys Malaysia Mar 31, Dec 14, 1 MYR = 29 (4) 63 38 – 153 7 (1) 8 100
(Malaysia) Sdn 2025 2021 ₹19.26
Bhd.(9)
34 WongDoody Germany Dec 31, Apr 20, 1 EUR = – 42 110 68 – 241 (22) – (22) 100
GmbH(14) 2024 2022 ₹89.2
35 Simplus Australia Jan 31, NA 1 AUD = 18 (2) 59 43 – 116 19 6 13 100
Australia Pty 2025 ₹53.9
Ltd(10)
36 Infosys Public Canada Mar 31, NA 1 CAD = 13 18 42 11 – 122 9 2 7 100
Services 2025 ₹59.67
Canada Inc.(11)
37 Fluido Sweden Sweden Dec 31, NA 1 SEK = – 69 88 19 – 116 29 6 23 100
AB(16) 2024 ₹7.79
38 Infosys Fluido UK Dec 31, NA 1 GBP = 4 (11) 41 48 – 107 9 – 9 100
U.K., Ltd. 2024 ₹107.48
(formerly
known as
Simplus U.K,
Ltd)(16)
39 Infosys BPO US Mar 31, NA 1 USD = 130 (34) 107 11 – 75 25 7 18 100
Americas LLC(3) 2025 ₹85.48
40 Infy Consulting The Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 1 60 85 24 – 99 10 3 7 100
B.V.(4) Netherlands 2024 ₹89.2
41 Infosys Chile Chile Dec 31, NA 1 CLP = 7 46 70 17 – 112 26 5 21 100
SpA(2) 2024 ₹0.09
42 Simplus Philippines Jan 31, NA 1 PHP = 1 17 27 9 – 73 4 1 3 100
Philippines, 2025 ₹1.49
Inc.(6)
43 HypoCasso The Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 8 12 49 29 – 83 15 4 11 75
B.V.(5) Netherlands 2024 ₹89.2
44 Infosys France Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 29 (20) 25 16 – 101 9 2 7 100
Consulting 2024 ₹89.2
SAS(4)
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Sl. Name of the Country Financial Date of Exchange Share Reserves Total Total Investments Turnover(1) Profit / Provision Profit / % of
No. subsidiary period acquisition rate/ capital and assets liabilities (includes (Loss) for (Loss) shareholding
ended Reporting surplus (excluding inter- before taxation(1) after
currency share capital company taxation(1) taxation(1)
and reserves transactions)
and surplus)
45 Panaya Inc. US Dec 31, Mar 5, 1 USD = – 191 322 131 – 87 5 12 (7) 100
(Panaya)(2) 2024 2015 ₹85.62
46 Infosys Middle Dubai Dec 31, Jan 1, 1 AED = 1 (9) 35 43 – 86 5 – 5 100
East FZ LLC(9) 2024 2018 ₹23.31
47 BASE life Switzerland Jun 30, Sep 1, 1 CHF = 1 21 114 92 – 110 (16) – (16) 100
science AG(17) 2024 2022 ₹92.74
48 Fluido Norway Norway Dec 31, NA 1 NOK = – 58 73 15 – 63 13 3 10 100
A/S(16) 2024 ₹7.57
49 Infosys Limited Bulgaria Dec 31, NA 1 BGN = 2 9 21 10 – 75 6 1 5 100
Bulgaria 2024 ₹45.47
EOOD(2)
50 Infosys Belgium Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 3 (5) 30 32 – 58 2 – 2 100
Consulting 2024 ₹89.2
(Belgium) NV(4)
51 Fluido Denmark Dec 31, NA 1 DKK = 3 (9) 101 107 – 129 9 2 7 100
Denmark 2024 ₹11.96
A/S(16)
52 Infosys Qatar Dec 31, Feb 20, 1 QAR = 8 36 50 6 – 41 17 2 15 100
Business 2024 2022 ₹ 23.49
Solutions LLC(2)
53 Infosys Green India Mar 31, NA INR 1 304 341 36 11 44 6 – 6 100
Forum(2) 2025
54 BASE life Germany Jun 30, Sep 1, 1 EUR = – (1) 24 25 – 28 (2) – (2) 100
science 2024 2022 ₹89.31
GmbH(17)
55 BASE life Spain Jun 30, NA 1 EUR = – 11 43 32 – 56 11 3 8 100
science S.L.(17) 2024 ₹89.31
56 Infosys Argentina Dec 31, NA 1 ARS = 50 (54) 57 61 – 41 (20) 11 (31) 100
Consulting 2024 ₹0.08
S.R.L.(2)
57 BASE life UK Jun 30, Sep 1, 1 GBP = – 6 14 8 – 26 (3) – (3) 100
science Ltd.(17) 2024 2022 ₹105.48
58 GuideVision Hungary Dec 31, NA 1 HUF = – (2) 6 8 – 17 (3) – (3) 100
Magyarország 2024 ₹0.22
Kft.(18)
59 Infosys South South Africa Dec 31, NA 1 ZAR = 8 1 39 30 – 71 2 1 1 100
Africa (Pty) 2024 ₹4.57
Ltd(9)
Annexures
to
the
Board's
report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Sl. Name of the Country Financial Date of Exchange Share Reserves Total Total Investments Turnover(1) Profit / Provision Profit / % of
No. subsidiary period acquisition rate/ capital and assets liabilities (includes (Loss) for (Loss) shareholding
ended Reporting surplus (excluding inter- before taxation(1) after
currency share capital company taxation(1) taxation(1)
and reserves transactions)
and surplus)
60 GuideVision Poland Dec 31, NA 1 PLN = – – 6 6 – 19 (1) – (1) 100
Polska SP. Z 2024 ₹20.85
O.O.(18)
61 WongDoody Serbia Dec 31, Apr 20, 1 RSD = – 5 5 – – 15 1 – 1 100
D.O.O(19)(21) 2024 2022 ₹0.76
62 Idunn India Mar 31, Sep 1, INR – 74 75 1 – – (4) 1 (5) 100
Information 2025 2023
Technology
Private
Limited(2)(20)
63 Infosys Austria Austria Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 1 – 45 44 – 21 – – – 100
GmbH(2) 2024 ₹89.2
64 WongDoody Taiwan Dec 31, Apr 20, 1 TWD = – 1 3 2 – 6 1 – 1 100
Limited 2024 2022 ₹2.61
(Taipei)(21)
65 Panaya Germany Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = – (2) 12 14 – 21 1 – 1 100
Germany 2024 ₹89.2
GmbH(8)
66 GuideVision Finland Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = – (2) 2 4 – 5 (4) – (4) 100
Suomi Oy(18) 2024 ₹89.2
67 Fluido Slovakia Slovakia Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 1 6 8 1 – 11 1 – 1 100
s.r.o(16) 2024 ₹89.2
68 Infosys Germany Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = – 4 11 7 – 7 – – – 100
Financial 2024 ₹89.2
Services GmbH
(formerly
known as
Panaya
GmbH)(9)
69 GuideVision Germany Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = – (9) 3 12 – 6 (2) – (2) 100
Deutschland 2024 ₹89.2
GmbH(18)
70 Infosys Fluido Ireland Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 1 5 6 – – 8 2 – 2 100
Ireland, Ltd.(22) 2024 ₹89.2
71 BASE life Italy Jun 30, Sep 1, 1 EUR = – (1) 6 7 – 12 (1) – (1) 100
science S.r.l.(17) 2024 2022 ₹89.31
72 BASE life France Jun 30, Sep 1, 1 EUR = – (1) 10 11 – 13 (1) – (1) 100
science S.A.S(17) 2024 2022 ₹89.31
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Sl. Name of the Country Financial Date of Exchange Share Reserves Total Total Investments Turnover(1) Profit / Provision Profit / % of
No. subsidiary period acquisition rate/ capital and assets liabilities (includes (Loss) for (Loss) shareholding
ended Reporting surplus (excluding inter- before taxation(1) after
currency share capital company taxation(1) taxation(1)
and reserves transactions)
and surplus)
73 WongDoody China Dec 31, Apr 20, 1 RMB = 1 4 10 5 – 6 1 – 1 100
(Shanghai) 2024 2022 ₹11.67
Co. Limited
(formerly
known
as oddity
(Shanghai) Co.,
Ltd.)(21)
74 Infosys Norway Dec 31, NA 1 NOK = 2 – 20 18 – 39 1 – 1 100
Norway(9) 2024 ₹7.57
75 Stater Gmbh(5) Germany Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = – (53) 5 58 – 8 (31) – (31) 75
2024 ₹89.2
76 Stater XXL The Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = – – – – – – – – – 75
B.V.(5) Netherlands 2024 ₹89.2
77 BASE life US Jun 30, Sep 1, 1 USD = – 3 16 13 – 19 3 1 2 100
science Inc.(17) 2024 2022 ₹83.39
78 Infosys Nova US Dec 31, NA 1 USD = 2,766 44 2,814 4 – – – (35) 35 100
Holdings LLC. 2024 ₹85.62
(Infosys Nova)(2)
79 Infosys Switzerland Dec 31, Oct 22, 1 CHF = 162 417 602 23 – – 148 (1) 149 100
Consulting 2024 2012 ₹94.72
Holding AG(2)
80 Infosys Arabia Saudi Arabia Dec 31, NA 1 SAR = 3 1 4 – – – – – – 70
Limited(24)(23) 2024 ₹22.8
81 Infosys Germany Dec 31, NA 1 EUR = 2 – 2 – – – – – – 100
Germany 2024 ₹89.2
Holding
Gmbh(2)
82 Infosys Germany Dec 31, Mar 22, 1 EUR = – 4,091 4,555 464 1 – (53) – (53) 100
Germany 2024 2022 ₹89.2
GmbH(9)
83 Brilliant Basics UK Mar 31, NA 1 GBP = – 1 1 – – – – – – 100
Limited(25)(23) 2025 ₹110.7
84 Brilliant Basics UK Mar 31, Sep 8, 1 GBP = – 70 88 18 – – 1 – 1 100
Holdings 2025 2017 ₹110.7
Limited(2)(23)
Annexures
to
the
Board's
report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Sl. Name of the Country Financial Date of Exchange Share Reserves Total Total Investments Turnover(1) Profit / Provision Profit / % of
No. subsidiary period acquisition rate/ capital and assets liabilities (includes (Loss) for (Loss) shareholding
ended Reporting surplus (excluding inter- before taxation(1) after
currency share capital company taxation(1) taxation(1)
and reserves transactions)
and surplus)
85 Infosys Turkey Dec 31, NA 1 TRY = 91 (70) 183 162 – 84 (40) 3 (43) 100
Turkey Bilgi 2024 ₹2.42
Teknolojileri
Limited
Sirketi(2)
86 in-tech Holding Germany Dec 31, July 17, 1 EUR = – 1,677 1,711 34 – 6 5 – 5 100
GmbH(26)(29) 2024 2024 ₹89.2
87 in-tech Germany Dec 31, July 17, 1 EUR = 1 477 807 329 – 616 65 19 46 100
GmbH(26) 2024 2024 ₹89.2
88 Friedrich & Germany Dec 31, July 17, 1 EUR = 2 4 7 1 – – 10 – 10 100
Wagner Asia 2024 2024 ₹89.2
Pacific
GmbH(26)(29)
89 drivetech Germany Dec 31, July 17, 1 EUR = – 6 8 2 – 12 2 – 2 100
Fahrversuch 2024 2024 ₹89.2
GmbH(26)
90 ProIT,S.R.L(26) Romania Dec 31, July 17, 1 RON = – 18 25 7 – 28 3 – 3 100
2024 2024 ₹17.91
91 in-tech Barcelona Dec 31, July 17, 1 EUR = – (4) 13 17 – 13 – – – 100
Automotive 2024 2024 ₹89.2
Engineering
SL(26)
92 in-tech Prague Dec 31, July 17, 1 CZK = 1 9 14 4 – 15 2 1 1 100
Engineering 2024 2024 ₹3.54
s.r.o(26)
93 in-tech Austria Dec 31, July 17, 1 EUR = 1 7 13 5 – 18 3 1 2 100
Engineering 2024 2024 ₹89.2
GmbH(26)
94 in-tech Braşov Dec 31, July 17, 1 RON = 1 5 9 3 – 20 – – – 100
Engineering 2024 2024 ₹17.91
services
S.R.L(26)
95 in-tech Group UK Dec 31, July 17, 1 GBP = – 7 9 2 – 14 15 2 13 100
Ltd(26) 2024 2024 ₹107.48
96 in-tech China Dec 31, July 17, 1 RMB = 2 9 47 36 – 33 3 1 2 100
Automotive 2024 2024 ₹11.67
Engineering
Shenyang Co.
Ltd(26)
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Sl. Name of the Country Financial Date of Exchange Share Reserves Total Total Investments Turnover(1) Profit / Provision Profit / % of
No. subsidiary period acquisition rate/ capital and assets liabilities (includes (Loss) for (Loss) shareholding
ended Reporting surplus (excluding inter- before taxation(1) after
currency share capital company taxation(1) taxation(1)
and reserves transactions)
and surplus)
97 in-tech China Dec 31, July 17, 1 EUR = – 9 12 3 – 11 3 1 2 100
Automotive 2024 2024 ₹89.2
Engineering
Beijing Co.,
Ltd(26)
98 in-tech Mexico Dec 31, July 17, 1 MXN = – – – – – – – – – 100
Automotive 2024 2024 ₹4.14
Engineering
de R.L. de
C.V(26)(23)
99 Friedrich US Dec 31, July 17, 1 USD = 2 32 74 40 – – 1 – 1 100
& Wagner 2024 2024 ₹85.62
Holding Inc,
USA(26)(23)
100 Infy tech France Dec 31, July 17, 1 EUR = – – – – – – – – – 100
SAS(9)(15) 2024 2024 ₹89.2
101 Insemi India Mar 31, May 10, INR 1 41 104 62 – 214 (15) (2) (13) 100
Technology 2025 2024
Service Private
Limited(2)(32)
102 Elbrus Labs India Mar 31, May 10, INR – 4 5 1 – 9 – – – 100
Private 2025 2024
Limited(32)(33)
103 Infosys Thailand Mar 31, July 3, 1 THB = 12 (2) 11 1 – 1 (2) – (2) 100
Services 2025 2024 ₹2.52
(Thailand)
Limited(2)(31)
104 in-tech Group India Mar 31, July 17, INR – 1 5 4 – 9 1 – 1 100
India Private 2025 2024
Ltd(26)
105 Infosys BPM UK Mar 31, NA 1 GBP = 23 (1) 23 1 – – – – – 100
UK Limited(3) 2025 ₹110.7
106 Blitz 24-893 Germany Dec 31, Oct 17, 1 EUR = 1 – 1 – – – – – – 100
SE(27) 2024 2024 ₹89.2
107 Simplus ANZ Australia Jan 31, NA 1 AUD = – – – – – – – – – 100
Pty Ltd.(6) 2025 ₹53.9
108 GuideVision UK Dec 31, NA 1 GBP = – – – – – – – – – 100
UK Ltd(18)(23) 2024 ₹107.48
109 Innovisor Inc.(17) US Jun 30, Sep 1, 1 USD = – – – – – – – – – 100
2024 2022 ₹83.39
Annexures
to
the
Board's
report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
(1) Converted at monthly average exchange rates (21) Wholly-owned subsidiary of WongDoody Gmbh (formerly known as oddity GmbH).
(2) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited (22) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Fluido UK, Ltd.
(3) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys BPM Limited (23) Under liquidation
(4) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Consulting Holding AG (24) Majority-owned and controlled subsidiary of Infosys Limited
(5) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Stater N.V. (25) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Brilliant Basics Holding Limited
(6) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Nova Holdings LLC (26) On July 17, 2024, Infosys Germany GmbH, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Singapore
(7) Majority-owned and controlled subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd. (formerly Infosys Pte. Ltd, acquired 100% of voting interests in in-tech Holding GmbH along with its subsidiary
Consulting Pte. Ltd). in-tech GmbH along with its six subsidiaries in-tech Automotive Engineering SL, ProIT, in-
tech Automotive Engineering de R.L. de C.V, drivetech Fahrversuch GmbH, Friedrich Wagner
(8) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Panaya Inc.
Holding Inc along with its two subsidiaries (in-tech Automotive Engineering LLC and in-tech
(9) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd. (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd.) Services LLC) and Friedrich & Wagner Asia Pacific GmbH along with its five subsidiaries in-tech
(10) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Simplus ANZ Pty Ltd engineering s.r.o, in-tech engineering GmbH, in-tech engineering services S.R.L, in-tech Group
Ltd along with its subsidiary (in-tech Group India Private Limited) and in-tech Automotive
(11) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Public Services, Inc.
Engineering Shenyang Co., Ltd along with its subsidiary (in-tech Automotive Engineering
(12) On November 24, 2023, Stater Participations B.V. (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Stater N.V.) Bejing Co., Ltd). Subsequently on September 1, 2024, in-tech Group India Private Limited
merged with Stater N.V. and Stater Belgium N.V./S.A, which was formerly a wholly-owned became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys limited.
subsidiary of Stater Participations B.V. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Stater N.V.
(27) On October 17, 2024, Infosys Singapore Pte Ltd. acquired 100% of voting interests in Blitz 24-
(13) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infy Consulting Company Limited 893 SE.
(14) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Germany GmbH (formerly Kristall 247. GmbH (“Kristall”)) (28) WongDoody Inc, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys limited merged into Infosys Nova
(15) Incorporated on July 3, 2024 Holdings LLC effective January 1, 2025.
(16) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Fluido Oy (29) in-tech Holding GmbH and Friedrich & Wagner Asia Pacific GmbH merged into in-tech GmbH
effective January 1, 2025.
(17) Wholly-owned subsidiary of BASE life science A/S
(30) Kaleidoscope Animations, Blue Acorn iCi Inc and Outbox systems Inc. dba Simplus (US) merged
(18) Wholly-owned subsidiary of GuideVision s.r.o.
into Infosys Nova Holdings LLC effective January 1, 2025.
(19) On September 29, 2023, oddity space GmbH, oddity waves GmbH, oddity jungle GmbH, oddity
(31) Incorporated on July 26, 2024
group services GmbH and oddity code GmbH merged into WongDoody GmbH and oddity
code d.o.o which was formerly a subsidiary of oddity code Gmbh has become a subsidiary of (32) On May 10, 2024, Infosys Ltd. acquired 100% of voting interests in InSemi Technology Services
Wongdoody Gmbh (formerly known as oddity GmbH). Private Limited along with its subsidiary Elbrus Labs Private Limited.
(20) On September 1, 2023, Infosys Ltd. acquired 100% of voting interests in IDUNN Information (33) Wholly-owned subsidiary of InSemi Technology Services Private Limited
Technology Private Limited (formerly Danske IT and Support Services India Private Limited
(“Danske IT”)).
Notes :
1. Investments exclude investments in subsidiaries
2. Proposed dividend from any of the subsidiaries is nil except for Infosys BPM Limited and EdgeVerve which proposed a final dividend of `1,03,000 per equity share (`10,000 par value) and `8.00 per equity
share (`10 par value) subject to approval of shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting of Infosys BPM Limited and EdgeVerve respectively.
3. Reserve and Surplus includes Other comprehensive income and securities premium.
4. Skava Systems Private Limited a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Ltd has been liquidated effective November 14, 2024.
5. Infosys Limited SPC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Infosys Ltd, incorporated, effective December 12, 2024 and has yet to commence operations.
6. Infosys BPM Netherlands B.V, a wholly owned subsidiary of Infosys BPM Ltd, incorporated, effective March 20, 2025 and has yet to commence operations.
for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Infosys Limited
Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh Bobby Parikh
Chairman Chief Executive Officer Director
DIN: 00041245 and Managing Director DIN: 00019437
DIN: 01876159
Bengaluru Jayesh Sanghrajka A.G.S. Manikantha
April 17, 2025 Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Membership No. ACS 21918
Annexure 2 – Particulars of contracts / arrangements made with related parties
[Pursuant to Clause (h) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013,
and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 – AOC-2]
This Form pertains to the disclosure of particulars of contracts / arrangements entered into by the Company with related parties referred
to in sub-section (1) of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013, including certain arm’s length transactions under third proviso thereto.
Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm’s length basis
There were no contracts or arrangements or transactions entered into during the year ended March 31, 2025, which were not
at arm’s length basis.
Details of material contracts or arrangement or transactions at arm’s length basis
There were no material contracts or arrangements or transactions entered into during the year ended March 31, 2025.
for and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Sd/- Sd/-
Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh
Chairman Chief Executive Officer
Bengaluru DIN: 00041245 and Managing Director
April 17, 2025 DIN: 01876159
There were no material contracts, arrangements, or transactions requiring disclosure under the Companies Act, 2013. However, the
Company has obtained shareholder’s approval for material related party transactions in accordance with Regulation 23 of the SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The details of these transactions are available at the following link:
https://www.bseindia.com/xml-data/corpfiling/AttachHis/e0a622f0-71e9-4868-836f-ec073491004e.pdf.
80 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Annexure 3 – Particulars of employees
We are a leading provider of consulting, technology, outsourcing, and next-generation digital services. We enable clients across 59 countries to outperform their competition
and stay ahead on the innovation curve. The remuneration and perquisites provided to our employees, including that of the Management, are on par with industry
benchmarks. The Nomination and Remuneration committee continuously reviews the compensation of the CEO and Senior Management Personnel (SMP) to align both the
short-term and long-term business objectives of the Company and to link compensation with the achievement of goals.
The details of remuneration to directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other employees are in compliance with Rule 5 of Chapter XIII, the Companies (Appointment and
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014. In accordance with the requirements, tables 3(a) and 3(b) include the perquisite value of stock incentives at the time of
their exercise and do not include the value of the stock incentives at the time of grant.
The change in remuneration in fiscal 2025 as compared to fiscal 2024 is primarily on account of change in perquisite value of stock incentives granted in previous years and
exercised during the year and revision in compensation. The change in perquisite value of stock incentives exercised during the year also includes the impact of number
of units exercised.
Information as per Rule 5 of Chapter XIII, the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
3(a) Remuneration details of directors and KMP
Name Director Title % increase of Ratio of % increase of remuneration in Ratio of remuneration No. of
Identification remuneration remuneration fiscal 2025 as compared to fiscal to MRE (excluding RSUs
Number in fiscal 2025 to MRE (1) 2024 (excluding perquisite value perquisite value of stock granted
(DIN) as compared to of stock incentives exercised incentives exercised in fiscal
fiscal 2024 (1) during the year) during the year) 2025
Nandan M. Nilekani(2) 00041245 Non-executive and Non- – – – – –
independent Chairman
D. Sundaram 00016304 Independent Director 2 27 2 27 –
Michael Gibbs 08177291 Independent Director 3 29 3 29 –
Bobby Parikh 00019437 Independent Director 2 21 2 21 –
Chitra Nayak 09101763 Independent Director 4 26 4 26 –
Govind Iyer 00169343 Independent Director 2 23 2 23 –
Helene Auriol Potier 10166891 Independent Director NA 21 NA 21 –
Nitin Paranjpe 00045204 Independent Director NA 18 NA 18 –
Salil Parekh(3) 01876159 Chief Executive Officer and 22 752 14 290 3,82,071
Managing Director
Jayesh Sanghrajka(4) NA Chief Financial Officer NA 85 NA 30 32,010
A.G.S. Manikantha(5) NA Company Secretary (4) 13 4 11 2,000
MRE – Median Remuneration of Employees
Notes:
The remuneration details in the above table pertain to directors and KMP as required under the Companies Act, 2013. The table above additionally includes the % increase in remuneration and ratio of
remuneration to MRE, excluding perquisite value of stock incentives exercised during the year.
The details in the above table are on accrual basis.
The % increase of remuneration is provided only for those directors and KMP, who have drawn remuneration from the Company for full fiscal 2025 and full fiscal 2024. The ratio of remuneration to MRE is
provided only for those directors and KMP who have drawn remuneration from the Company for the full fiscal 2025.
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
The change in remuneration in fiscal 2025 as compared to fiscal 2024 is primarily on account of change in perquisite value of stock incentives granted in previous years and exercised during the year, and
revision in compensation.
(1) Remuneration to KMP includes fixed pay, variable pay, retiral benefits and the perquisite value of stock incentives exercised during the period, determined in accordance with the provisions of the
Income-tax Act, 1961. Accordingly, the value of stock incentives granted during the period is not included. The number of stock incentives granted in fiscal 2025 is mentioned in the above table.
Independent directors are not entitled to any stock incentives.
(2) Nandan M. Nilekani voluntarily chose not to receive any remuneration for his services rendered to the Company.
(3) a) Remuneration includes ₹49.50 crore pertaining to exercise of 3,06,276 Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) under the 2015 Plan and 39,141 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025.
b) On the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and as approved by the shareholders, in accordance with the terms of his employment agreement effective July 1, 2022, the
Board approved
i) the grant of 2,45,679 performance-based RSUs under the 2015 Plan effective May 2, 2024. These will vest based on the achievement of certain performance targets.
ii) the grant of 14,140 performance-based RSUs under the 2015 Plan effective May 2, 2024. These will vest based on the achievement of certain environment, social and governance milestones as
determined by the Board.
iii) the grant of 35,349 performance-based RSUs under the 2015 Plan effective May 2, 2024. These will vest based on the achievement of the Company’s performance on cumulative relative TSR over the
years and as determined by the Board.
iv) the grant of 16,204 annual time-based RSUs for fiscal 2025 under the 2015 Plan effective February 1, 2025. These will vest over a period of three years.
v) the grant of 70,699 performance-based RSUs for fiscal 2025 under the 2019 Plan effective May 2, 2024. These will vest based on the Company’s achievement of certain performance criteria as laid
out in the 2019 Plan.
These RSUs will vest in line with the employment agreement.
(4) a) Remuneration includes ₹5.84 crore on account of exercise of 30,621 RSUs under the 2015 Plan and 6,494 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025.
b) On the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board approved
i) the grant of 18,010 time-based RSUs under the 2015 Plan effective February 15, 2025. These will vest over a period of four years.
ii) the grant of 14,000 performance-based RSUs under the 2019 Plan effective February 15, 2025. These will vest based on the Company’s achievement of certain performance criteria as laid out in the
2019 Plan.
c) Jayesh Sanghrajka was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the Company effective April 1, 2024.
(5) a) Remuneration includes ₹0.30 crore on account of exercise of 751 RSUs under the 2015 Plan and 1,093 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025.
b) On the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board approved the grant of 2,000 performance-based RSUs under the 2019 Plan effective February 15, 2025. These
RSUs will vest based on the Company’s achievement of certain performance criteria as laid out in the 2019 Plan.
The MRE was ₹10,72,008 and ₹9,77,868 in fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024, respectively. The increase in MRE in fiscal 2025, as compared to fiscal 2024, is 9.63%.
The average annual increase in the salaries of employees was 12% in India after accounting for promotions and other event-based compensation revisions for employees
covered as part of the rewards program. Employees outside India received a wage increase in line with the market trends in the respective countries.
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
3(b) Information as per Rule 5 of Chapter XIII, the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
Top 10 employees in terms of remuneration drawn during the year
Employee Designation Educational Age Experience Date of Location Remuneration in No. of RSUs granted Previous employment and
name qualification (in years) joining fiscal 2025 (in ₹) (1) in fiscal 2025 (2) designation
Salil Parekh CEO & MD B.Tech, ME 60 37 Jan 2, 2018 India 80,62,36,456(3) 3,82,071 Capgemini, Director General
Karmesh Gul Segment Head – CPG, BE 53 32 Mar 3, 2003 UK 21,64,37,027(4) 62,980 Accenture, Senior Manager
Vaswani Logistics & Retail
Inderpreet Chief Legal Officer and BA LLB, LLM 60 34 Jul 3, 2017 US 20,09,01,326(5) 60,240 Wipro, Senior Vice President
Sawhney Chief Compliance Officer and General Counsel
Martha King Chief Client Officer BS 61 40 Oct 12, 2020 US 16,08,78,772(6) 46,130 Vanguard, Managing Director
Jasmeet Singh Segment Head – B.Tech, MBA 53 29 May 31, 2011 US 14,88,98,433(7) 53,320 HCL America, Vice President
Manufacturing
Anand Segment Head – ACS, AICWA, 53 33 Apr 26, 1999 US 14,46,55,601(8) 53,320 Rane Brake Linings Limited,
Swaminathan Communication, Media MS Manager Information
and Technology Technology
Ashiss Kumar Segment Head – Energy, B.Tech (H) 53 31 May 8, 1995 US 12,71,82,708(9) 55,300 Indal, Process Engineer
Dash Utilities, Resources and
Services
Anant Service Offering Head B.Sc 52 30 Nov 10, 2008 US 12,20,54,412(10) 28,880 Wipro, Project Manager
Raghavendra
Adya
Gavin Sheldon Head – Entertainment Diploma A 49 30 Nov 6, 2023 UK 11,36,49,276(11) 11,320 Liberty Global, Managing
and Connectivity Level Director
Platforms
Upendra Kohli Industry Head – BE, MBA 55 32 Jan 2, 2019 US 10,73,36,286(12) 26,610 Telstra, Managing Director
Communications, Media
and Technology
Notes: The details in the above table are on accrual basis for better comparability with the KMP remuneration disclosures included in other sections of this Annual Report.
The aforementioned employees have / had permanent employment contracts with the Company.
Employees mentioned above are neither relatives of any directors of the Company, nor hold 2% or more of the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as per Clause (iii) of sub-rule (2) of Rule 5 of the
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.
For employees based overseas, average exchange rates have been used for conversion to INR.
(1) Includes fixed pay, variable pay, retiral benefits and the perquisite value of stock incentives exercised during the period, determined in accordance with the provisions of the Income-tax Act, 1961 or
relevant overseas tax regulations as applicable. Accordingly, the value of stock incentives granted during the period is not included. The number of stock incentives granted in fiscal 2025 is included in the
table above.
(2) Includes equity-settled and cash-settled RSUs issued at par under the 2015 and 2019 Plans.
(3) Remuneration includes ₹49.50 crore on account of exercise of 3,06,276 RSUs under the 2015 Plan and 39,141 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025.
(4) Remuneration includes ₹10.22 crore on account of exercise of 47,850 RSUs under the 2015 Plan and 13,662 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025.
(5) Remuneration includes ₹10.04 crore on account of exercise of 47,386 RSUs under the 2015 Plan and 14,499 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025.
(6) Remuneration includes ₹6.97 crore on account of exercise of 28,267 RSUs under the 2015 Plan and 12,789 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025. She has resigned from the Company and her last
working day was March 21, 2025.
(7) Remuneration includes ₹7.61 crore on account of exercise of 35,506 RSUs under the 2015 Plan and 11,086 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025.
(8) Remuneration includes ₹7.18 crore on account of exercise of 35,757 RSUs under the 2015 Plan and 10,753 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025.
(9) Remuneration includes ₹6.50 crore on account of exercise of 23,957 RSUs under the 2015 Plan and 10,630 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025.
(10) Remuneration includes ₹7.03 crore on account of exercise of 42,443 RSUs under the 2015 Plan and 8,418 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025.
(11) Remuneration includes ₹0.50 crore on account of exercise of 2,700 RSUs under the 2015 Plan during fiscal 2025.
(12) Remuneration includes ₹3.96 crore on account of exercise of 15,008 RSUs under the 2015 Plan and 5,715 RSUs under the 2019 Plan during fiscal 2025.
Annexures
to
the
Board's
report
Annexure 4: Independent Auditor’s certificate on corporate governance
REF:IL/2025-26/001
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S CERTIFICATE
TO THE MEMBERS OF INFOSYS LIMITED
CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
1. This certificate is issued in accordance with the terms of our engagement letter reference no. IL/2024-25/11 dated July 6, 2024.
2. We, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants, the Statutory Auditors of Infosys Limited (“the Company”), have examined
the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by the Company, for the year ended on March 31, 2025, as stipulated in
regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing Regulations”).
Managements’ Responsibility
3. The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. This responsibility includes the
design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the conditions of the
Corporate Governance stipulated in Listing Regulations.
Auditor’s Responsibility
4. Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring
compliance with the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial
statements of the Company.
5. We have examined the books of account and other relevant records and documents maintained by the Company for the purposes of
providing reasonable assurance on the compliance with Corporate Governance requirements by the Company.
6. We have carried out an examination of the relevant records of the Company in accordance with the Guidance Note on Certification
of Corporate Governance issued by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the ICAI), the Standards on Auditing specified
under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act 2013, in so far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate and as per the Guidance
Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes issued by the ICAI which requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of
the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.
7. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that
Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements.
Opinion
8. Based on our examination of the relevant records and according to the information and explanations provided to us and the
representations provided by the Management, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate
Governance as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of the Listing
Regulations during the year ended March 31, 2025.
9. We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness with
which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)
Sd/-
Vikas Bagaria
Partner
Place: Bengaluru (Membership No. 060408)
Date: April 17, 2025 UDIN: 25060408BMOCIM8815
84 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Annexure 5 – Secretarial audit report for the financial year ended March 31, 2025
Form No. MR-3
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members,
Infosys Limited
Electronics City, Hosur Road
Bengaluru-560100, Karnataka, India
We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate
practices by Infosys Limited (“the Company”). The Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for
evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.
Auditor’s responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the compliance of the applicable laws and maintenance of records based on audit. We have
conducted the audit in accordance with the applicable Auditing Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India. The
Auditing Standards require that the Auditor shall comply with statutory and regulatory requirements and plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about compliance with applicable laws and maintenance of records.
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the
Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of
Secretarial Audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period from April 01, 2024 to March 31, 2025
(“the audit period”) complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board processes and
compliance mechanisms in place to the extent and in the manner reporting made hereinafter:
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the rules made thereunder;
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 and the rules made thereunder;
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and bye-laws framed there under;
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct Investment
and Overseas Direct Investment (External Commercial Borrowings are not applicable to the Company during the Audit Period);
(v) The following regulations and guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (“the SEBI Act”): -
a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018; (Not applicable to the
Company during the audit period)
d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021;
e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable to
the Company during the audit period)
f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the
Companies Act and dealing with client;
g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable to the Company during
the audit period) and
h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018. (Not applicable to the Company
during the audit period)
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 85
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:
(i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
(ii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and amendments
made thereunder (“Listing Regulations”).
We further report that, with regard to the compliance system prevailing in the Company and on the examination of the relevant
documents and records in pursuance thereof, on test-check basis, the Company has generally complied with the following laws
applicable specifically to the Company:
• The Special Economic Zones Act, 2005 and the rules made thereunder; and
• Software Technology Parks of India Rules and Regulations
During the audit period, the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines and Standards
etc. made thereunder.
We further report that
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors, and
Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during the audit period were carried
out in compliance with the provisions of the Act and Listing Regulations.
Adequate notice was given to all directors to schedule Board meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven
days in advance. A system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting
and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
All decisions at Board meetings and Committee meetings are carried out unanimously as recorded in the minutes of the meetings of the
Board of Directors or Committees of the Board, as the case may be.
We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations of the
Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations, and guidelines.
We further report that during the audit period,
a) the Company has issued and allotted 8,81,635 Equity Shares of face value of ₹5/- each pursuant to 2015 Stock Incentive Compensation
Plan and 15,14,356 Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 5/- each pursuant the Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Program 2019.
b) the Company has intimated on January 13, 2021, regarding voluntary winding up of Skava Systems Private Limited, a wholly owned
subsidiary. NCLT, Division Bench – 1, Chennai has passed an order to liquidate Skava and shall stand dissolved as on the date of the
order i.e. November 14, 2024.
For Makarand M. Joshi & Co.
Company Secretaries
ICSI UIN: P2009MH007000
Peer Review Cert. No.: 6290/2024
Sd/-
Makarand M. Joshi
Partner
FCS: 5533
Place: Mumbai
CP: 3662
Date: April 17, 2025
UDIN: F005533G000133045
This report is to be read with Annexure A, which forms an integral part of this report.
86 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Annexures to the Board's report
Annexure A
To,
The Members,
Infosys Limited
Electronics City, Hosur Road
Bengaluru-560100, Karnataka, India
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the Management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the
contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that accurate facts are reflected in secretarial
records. We believe that the processes and practices we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.
4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and
happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of
management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance of the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with
which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For Makarand M. Joshi & Co.
Company Secretaries
ICSI UIN: P2009MH007000
Peer Review Cert. No.: 6290/2024
Sd/-
Makarand M. Joshi
Partner
FCS: 5533
Place: Mumbai CP: 3662
Date: April 17, 2025 UDIN: F005533G000133045
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 87
Annexure 6 – Annual report on CSR activities
[Pursuant to Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, as amended.]
1. Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company:
Over the years, we have been focusing on sustainable business practices encompassing economic, environmental and social imperatives
that not only cover business, but also the communities around us. Our Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) encompasses holistic
community development and institution building, while shaping and sharing solutions that serve the development of businesses and
communities. Infosys’ CSR Policy aims to contribute to the sustainable development of society and the environment, and to make our
planet more livable for future generations. Infosys’ CSR activities, amongst others, focuses on Education and Skill Development to Enable
Sustained Livelihoods, Healthcare Including Preventive Health, Environmental Sustainability and Ecological Balance, Gender Equality and
Empowerment of Women, Promotion of National Heritage, Art and Culture, Rural Development and Disaster Relief and Rehabilitation.
CSR activities
Infosys Limited (“Infosys” or “the Company”) has been an early adopter of CSR initiatives. Infosys undertakes CSR initiatives both directly
as well as through Infosys Foundation (“the Foundation”). The Foundation was established in 1996 with a vision to boosting our CSR
initiatives. This was long before the Companies Act, 2013 mandated CSR activities to be undertaken by the Company.
Key highlights of the activities during the year are listed below:
• Infosys Springboard digital literacy program powered by tech platform that enables students to learn core digital and life skills and
become lifelong learners
• Initiate the Universal Cornea Care Mission at L.V. Prasad Eye Institute by optimizing, operationalizing and validating the model and
define an actionable strategy to replicate across the country
• Construction of mother and child healthcare center at Government Hospital, Kunigal
• Achieve environmental sustainability, maintain ecological balance, and enhance farmer profitability through tree plantation initiatives
• Scholarships for students who intend to pursue undergraduate studies in NIRF-accredited colleges in the fields of Engineering and
other STEM streams such as nursing, pharmacy, biochemistry and biotechnology etc.
• Equipment for an advanced lab setup and a central hub for open, accessible, advanced multidisciplinary and interdisciplinary science
education, particularly in chemistry and life sciences at the International Foundation for Research and Education
• Setting up the Center for Cybercrime Investigation, training and research to accelerate and strengthen cybercrime investigation
momentum through capacity-building, research and development
• Rapid operationalization of Madras Medical Hospital, encompassing high risk Ante-natal ward, ICU and OT and the cardio-obstetric
ward at the hospital by providing quality medical equipment
• Launched education to employment initiatives that focus on skilling underserved youth through strategic partnerships and livelihood
training programs.
• Collaborated with leading sports foundations to build inclusive training ecosystems that identify and nurture athletic talent across the
country.
• Enabled girls from disadvantaged backgrounds to prepare for competitive exams and pursue higher education in STEM fields.
2. Composition of CSR Committee:
Sl. Name of the director Designation / Nature of Number of meetings of CSR Number of meetings of CSR
No. directorship Committee held during the year Committee attended during the year
1 Govind Iyer Chairperson 4 4
2 Chitra Nayak Member 4 4
3 Michael Gibbs Member 4 4
3. Web link(s) for composition of CSR Committee, CSR policy and CSR projects approved by the Board:
• The composition of the CSR committee is available on our website, at https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/
documents/committee-composition.pdf.
• The Committee, with the approval of the Board, has adopted the CSR Policy as required under Section 135 of the Companies Act, at
https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/Documents/corporate-social-responsibility-policy.pdf.
• The Company has also adopted the CSR committee charter, which is available on our website, at https://www.infosys.com/investors/
corporate-governance/documents/corporate-social-responsibility-committee-charter.pdf.
• The Board, based on the recommendation of the CSR Committee, at its meeting held on April 10, 2025, has approved the annual
action plan / projects for fiscal 2026, the details of which are available on our website, at
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/documents/csr-projects2025-26.pdf.
88 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Annexures to the Board's report
4. Executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in pursuance of sub-
rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable:
The Company has been implementing various CSR projects for holistic community development and institution building to serve the
enrichment and evolution of businesses and communities. For fiscal 2025, the Company has engaged an external agency to provide
support and assistance for an independent review and impact assessment.
Methodology:
In order to assess the impact of its CSR projects, a mixed-method approach was deployed which involved either one of or both the
quantitative and qualitative research tools (as relevant) for primary data collection. Using these tools, the team conducted interactions
(virtual and on-field) with the project beneficiaries and other relevant stakeholders. Post data collection and analysis, the key insights
and findings were collated in the form of a consolidated report for the Management’s consideration. This study was guided by
the Inclusiveness, Relevance, Effectiveness, Convergence and Sustainability (IRECS) Framework which was used to provide overall
feedback on the efficacy of implementation as well, as its efficiency in terms of achievement of the desired project outputs with
reference to inputs.
Summary:
During the year, impact assessment study was conducted on 26 eligible CSR projects which impacted 1.3 crore beneficiaries across
various states in India. These projects align with the ESG framework and support 13 of the UN SDG goals which cover the broad themes
of education, healthcare, women empowerment, sustainability and others.
Theme 1: Education
Impact: Emphasis on digital education and easy access to the online learning content ensured a positive impact on the students
academic performance and a reduction in the dropout rates.
Sl. No. CSR Project under Assessment Project Location Implementation
1. Infosys Springboard – Digital learning and reskilling program Across India Self implementation
2. Training on cybercrime investigation to various stakeholders Bengaluru, Karnataka Infosys Foundation
3. Training of Government Schools’ Science and Math teachers Andhra Pradesh and Odisha Infosys Foundation
4. Urban Digital Stem Program 6 states across India Infosys Foundation
5. Mo School Abhiyan Parichalana Sangathan (MSAPS) 25 districts in Odisha Infosys Foundation
6. eVidyaloka – Rural Digital and STEM Karnataka, Rajasthan and Infosys Foundation
Education Program Madhya Pradesh
7. Blended Education Certificate Program in Public Health Gurugram, Haryana, Infosys Foundation
Nursing Bhubaneshwar and Odisha
8. Capacity expansion and rezoning of the Narayan Rao Bengaluru, Karnataka Infosys Foundation
Melgiri National Law Library at National Law School of India
University
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 89
Sl. No. CSR Project under Assessment Project Location Implementation
9. Construction of a multipurpose hall at Karnataka Public Chitradurga, Karnataka Infosys Foundation
School
10. Digital inclusion for democratising access to library resources Bengaluru, Karnataka Infosys Foundation
at National Law School of India University
Theme 2: Healthcare
Impact: Enhanced healthcare infrastructure and access, particularly benefiting vulnerable populations, by equipping hospitals with
advanced medical technology.
Sl. No. CSR Project under Assessment Project Location Implementation Partner
1. Provision of diagnostic and medical care equipment to Rajiv Chennai, Tamil Nadu Infosys Foundation
Gandhi Government General Hospital, Chennai (RGGGH)
2. Cath lab and vascular access center Bengaluru, Karnataka Infosys Foundation
3. Contribution to Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital Pimpri-Chinchwad, Pune, Infosys Foundation
(YCMH) for Modular Operation Theatre Maharashtra
4. The Lancet Citizens’ Commission on Reimagining India’s Vellore, Tamil Nadu Self implementation
Health System
5. Free dialysis care for women patients Bengaluru, Karnataka Infosys Foundation
6. 20-bed ICU facility at Telangana State Road Transport Hyderabad, Telangana Infosys Foundation
Corporation (TSRTC) Hospital
7. Advancing healthcare access at KEM Hospital, Pune Pune, Maharashtra Infosys Foundation
Theme 3: Sustainability
Impact: Improved cook stove projects reported reduction in waste generation, cooking time, indoor air pollution and associated health
hazards. Women have been empowered through engagement in social activities within their community. Additionally, efforts to restore
historic water systems have improved water management, preserved cultural heritage, and enhanced groundwater recharge, ensuring
reliable water access.
Sl. No. CSR Project under Assessment Project Location Implementation Partner
1. Improved woodstoves in Udaipur – helping women and Udaipur, Rajasthan Self implementation
environment
2. Improved woodstoves in Maharashtra – helping women and Solapur, Latur, Osmanabad, Self implementation
environment Maharashtra
3. Restoration of historic stepwells and traditional water systems Hyderabad, Telangana Infosys Foundation
at Rashtrapati Nilayam, Hyderabad
Theme 4: Women empowerment
Impact: Improving healthcare accessibility and easing financial burdens for underserved populations. These projects have increased
female enrollment and improved facilities, while support for military families has provided essential financial and emotional aid to them.
Skill development among women has also addressed employment disparities, fostering growth and sustainable development.
Sl. No. CSR Project under Assessment Project Location Implementation Partner
1. Infant and Maternity Hospital, Kanakapura Ramanagara, Karnataka Infosys Foundation
2. Construction of a girls’ hostel facility for the Indian Tiruchirappalli, Tamil Nadu Infosys Foundation
Institute of Information Technology (IIIT), Tiruchirappalli
90 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Annexures to the Board's report
Sl. No. CSR Project under Assessment Project Location Implementation Partner
3. Rehabilitation and welfare grants for Across India Infosys Foundation
veterans and their families
4. Women in Technology program 13 cities in 10 states of India Infosys Foundation
Theme 5: Other Themes
Impact : To promote the societal upliftment and environmental sustainability. Social Innovation Awards have recognized technology-
based solutions in areas such as women empowerment, healthcare and education to empower marginalized communities. Additionally,
the development of advanced animal enclosures has supported wildlife conservation and increased public engagement.
Sl. No. CSR Project under Assessment Project Location Implementation Partner
1. Aarohan Social Innovation Awards Pan India Infosys Foundation
2. Construction of a gorilla enclosure at Sri Chamarajendra Mysuru, Karnataka Infosys Foundation
Zoological Gardens, Mysuru
Detailed impact assessment reports can be accessed at csr-impact-assessment-reports2024-25.pdf.
5. (a) Average net profit of the Company as per sub-section (5) of Section 135: ₹26,992.44 crore
(b) Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per sub-section (5) of Section 135: ₹539.85 crore
(c) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programs or activities of the previous financial years: ₹2.56 crore*
(d) Amount required to be set-off for the financial year, if any: Nil
(e) Total CSR obligation for the financial year [(b)+(c)-(d)]: ₹542.41 crore
* The surplus relates to fiscal 2025.
6. (a) Amount spent on CSR projects (both ongoing project and other than ongoing project): ₹518.95 crore
(b) Amount spent in administrative overheads: ₹6.47 crore
(c) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: ₹0.84 crore
(d) Total amount spent for the financial year [(a)+(b)+(c)]: ₹526.26 crore
(e) CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:
Amount unspent (In ₹ crore)
Total amount spent
Total amount transferred to unspent CSR Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule
for the financial year
account as per sub-section (6) of Section 135 VII as per second proviso to sub-section (5) of Section 135
(In ₹ crore)
Amount (In ₹ crore) Date of transfer Name of the fund Amount Date of transfer
526.26* 16.15 28.04.2025 NA NA NA
Note:
* Includes surplus of `2.56 crore generated and spent during the year.
(f) Excess amount for set-off, if any:
Sl. No. Particulars Amount (In ₹ crore)
(i) Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per sub-section (5) of Section 135 539.85
(ii) Total amount spent for the financial year(1) 523.70
(iii) Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)] Nil
(iv) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programs or activities of the previous financial years, if any(2) 2.56
(v) Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)] Nil
(1) Excludes surplus relating to fiscal 2025
(2) The surplus relates to fiscal 2025
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 91
7. Details of Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three financial years:
(In ₹ crore)
Sl. Preceding Amount Balance amount Amount Amount transferred to a Amount Deficiency,
No. financial transferred to in unspent CSR spent in the fund as specified under remaining to if any
year(s) unspent CSR account under financial Schedule VII as per second be spent in
account under sub-section (6) year proviso to sub-section (5) of succeeding
sub-section (6) of of Section 135 (1) Section 135, if any financial years
Section 135
Amount Date of transfer
1 Fiscal 2022 51.79 0.20 0.20 Nil NA Nil NA
2 Fiscal 2023 45.33 6.64 6.55 Nil NA 0.08 NA
3 Fiscal 2024 39.54 39.54 39.51 Nil NA 0.03 NA
Note:
(1) Unspent balance as on April 1, 2024
8. Details of capital assets created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent during
the financial year:
Yes No
If Yes, enter the number of Capital assets created / acquired: 32
Furnish the details relating to such asset(s) so created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent
in the financial year:
Sl. Short particulars of the Pin code Date of Amount Details of entity / Authority / beneficiary of the
No. property or asset(s) [including of the creation of CSR registered owner
complete address and location property amount
CSR Registration Name Registered address
of the property] or asset(s) spent(1)
Number, if
(in ₹ crore)
applicable
1. Equipment for an advanced 110070 Jan 17, 2025 23.10(2) CSR00000712 International Farm house 2,
chemical biology lab setup Foundation Green Avenue Lane,
Address: International for Research d - 3,Vasant Kunj,
Foundation for Research and and Education New Delhi - 110070
Education (Ashoka University), (Ashoka
farm house 2, Green Avenue University)
Lane, d - 3, Vasant Kunj, New
Delhi - 110070
2. Providing medical equipment 600003 Mar 26, 2025 11.75(2) NA Madras Medical Poonamallee High
Address: Madras Medical College Road, Park Town,
Collegex, Poonamallee High Chennai - 6000003
Road, Park Town,
Chennai - 6000003
3. Medical equipment and 110029 Mar 27, 2025 6.27(2) NA All India AIIMS Ansari Nagar,
software support for Mother and Institute New Delhi - 110029
Child Block of Medical
Address: AIIMS Ansari Nagar, Sciences
New Delhi - 110029 (AIIMS)
4. Biogas units for smoke-free 587101 Jun 19, 2024 3.84 NA Various Bagalakote,
kitchens to various beneficiaries beneficiaries Karnataka
Address: Bagalakote, Karnataka (Individual
households)
5. Construction of STEM labs at 60 711202 Mar 21, 2025 2.13(2) CSR00006101 Ramakrishna P.O. Belur Math,
schools across India Mission Dist. Howrah West
Address: Ramakrishna Mission, Bengal - 711 202
PO Belur Math, Howrah, West
Bengal - 711202
92 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Annexures to the Board's report
Sl. Short particulars of the Pin code Date of Amount Details of entity / Authority / beneficiary of the
No. property or asset(s) [including of the creation of CSR registered owner
complete address and location property amount
CSR Registration Name Registered address
of the property] or asset(s) spent(1)
Number, if
(in ₹ crore)
applicable
6. Construction of 200 houses for 571201 Feb 19, 2025 1.48(2) NA Office of The Deputy
the flood affected families at Additional Commissioner,
Kodagu Deputy Office of
Address: The Deputy Commissioner Additional Deputy
Commissioner, Office (Rehabilitation) Commissioner
of Additional Deputy (Rehabilitation),
Commissioner( Rehabilitation), District Officers
District Officers Complex, Complex, Madikeri,
Madikeri, Kodagu - 571201 Kodagu - 571201
Note :
The above table includes assets which have been completed in fiscal 2025.
Amount spent in fiscal 2025 and does not indicate the complete value of the asset.
(1) The details of CSR projects less than `1 crore will be made available on the website, at
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/documents/csr-capital-assets2024-25.pdf
(2) Amount spent in previous fiscal years:
(i) Equipment for an advanced chemical biology lab setup: `3.90 crore
(ii) Providing medical equipment: `19.31 crore
(iii) Medical equipment and software support for Mother and Child Block: `70.20 crore
(iv) Construction of STEM labs at 60 schools across India: `24.82 crore
(v) Construction of 200 houses for the flood affected families at Kodagu: `30.09 crore
9. Specify the reason(s), if the Company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per
sub-section (5) of Section 135.
During fiscal 2025, the Company has spent ₹526.26 crore on various projects including surplus of ₹2.56 crore. The unspent
balance of ₹16.15 crore is towards various ongoing projects and will be transferred to the unspent CSR account and spent in
accordance with the CSR Rules.
Sd/- Sd/-
Govind Iyer Salil Parekh
Chairman, CSR Committee Chief Executive Officer
Bengaluru DIN: 00169343 and Managing Director
April 17, 2025 DIN: 01876159
Additional information – Global CSR activities
Over and above the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013, Infosys has expanded its CSR footprint globally. The details of the
activities of Infosys Foundation USA in fiscal 2025 are provided in the Corporate governance report. The expenditure made towards CSR in
Australia, Europe and through Infosys Foundation USA is as follows:
Focus area Amount in USD
Student education 1,662,664
Teacher training 1,515,161
Advocacy and awareness 1,043,843
Class room aids and technology 179,310
Research and Curriculum 90,000
Operating expenses 273,828
Grand total* 4,764,806
* Equivalent to `40 crore
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 93
Annexure 7 – Conservation of energy, research and development, technology
absorption, foreign exchange earnings and outgo.
[Particulars pursuant to the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]
Our focused approach on energy efficiency, renewable energy Renewable energy: Infosys has a total installed solar capacity
and carbon offset projects over the years resulted in the of 60 MW across campuses including, a 40 MW captive solar
Company achieving carbon neutrality for six years in a row plant in Karnataka. Additionally, the Company leverages Power
since fiscal 2020, across all emissions. As we continue to remain Purchase Agreements (PPAs) and green tariffs to expand its clean
carbon neutral for fiscal 2025, we have started to work towards energy portfolio. Infosys is steadily reducing its dependence
climate positivity, aiming to restore more than we consume on fossil fuels and accelerating the shift to a low-carbon future.
and to contribute actively to the health of our ecosystems and In fiscal 2025, 77.7% of our electricity in India operations was
communities. We are thereby increasing our efforts in the global met through renewables.
response to the threat of climate change.
Green buildings: All new developments are designed to achieve
the highest level of green building certification, with about 29.7
Resource conservation initiatives
million square feet of Infosys’ operational space already certified.
Resource conservation initiatives at Infosys have been
Reinforcing Infosys’ commitment to energy efficiency, resource
focused, continuous and imbibed in our operations and new
conservation and low-carbon operations.
infrastructure development. The introduction of highly efficient
new buildings, major improvements in existing buildings, Smarter spaces: Infosys is reimagining the future workplace
intelligent automation, water management plans, and waste through its “workplace transformation” initiative, aligning
treatment and management projects have significantly reduced office design with hybrid work models and sustainability goals.
our environmental impact. Next generation offices are digitally connected, ergonomically
designed, and powered by intelligent energy systems that
The increased adoption of renewable energy in our operations
adapt to real-time usage. Building Management Systems (BMS)
has helped avoid emissions significantly, and our high-
optimize lighting, ventilation, and cooling to minimize energy
impact carbon offset projects have enabled us to offset
waste. By promoting flexible working practices and creating
unavoidable emissions.
energy-efficient, human-centered environments, we are
Energy: Infosys has demonstrated a strong commitment to enhancing employee well-being while significantly reducing our
energy conservation through a series of initiatives to improve operational footprint.
operational efficiency and reduce overall consumption through
Water management: Committed to climate-positive goals, the
cutting edge building designs, operational optimization and
Company ensures zero wastewater discharge, has endorsed the
employee engagement. By combining innovative technologies
UN CEO Water Mandate, and aims to recharge more water than
with operational discipline, we have consistently reduced
it consumes by 2030. Our efforts include demand reduction
our energy intensity year after year. These efforts underscore
measures, wastewater recycling and rainwater harvesting
Infosys’ belief that systematic, technology-driven conservation
initiatives. We have also implemented lake rejuvenation
strategies are crucial to achieving meaningful progress towards
projects for larger community impact. Additionally, we are also
sustainability goals. In fiscal 2025, while our new buildings were
sensitizing our employees on environmental protection and
designed to new energy efficiency benchmarks, about `10.7
working with local stakeholders to improve water security to
crore was spent on retrofits in some of our older infrastructure to
set industry benchmarks while addressing operational and
improve operational efficiency.
ecological resilience.
In an effort to replicate the success of high-efficiency building
Waste management: We are aiming for zero waste to landfill
design and operations on a larger scale, Infosys launched a
while aligning with sustainability goals such as the GRI 306
unique initiative ‘ASSURE’ (Accelerating Sustainable and Super-
and Scope 3 emissions standards. Infosys adopts the principles
efficient Real Estate) in partnership with the Indian Institute
of circular economy to minimize environmental impact.
for Human Settlements. ASSURE has a vision of accelerating
Key initiatives around segregation, effective treatment and
decarbonization in the Indian building sector, by creating
management have resulted in achieving over 98% waste
lighthouse projects, skilling students and practitioners, advocacy
diversion from landfill in fiscal 2025. Three of our campuses have
and other activities involving various stakeholders in the
achieved TRUE certification for zero waste by the Green Business
ecosystem. Our leadership is expected to drive a transformative
Certification Institute.
shift towards climate-resilient buildings and align urban growth
with India’s broader goals under the Paris Agreement and Carbon offset: Infosys addresses unavoidable emissions
contribute to a low-carbon future. through community-based carbon offset projects. Projects
in the clean cooking space implemented in four states
across India have improved livelihoods and helped generate
income for rural women.
94 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
We are also implementing large-scale carbon sequestration legacy on-premises platforms to scalable, faster, and efficient
projects through nature-based solutions, including agroforestry hybrid and cloud-based solutions. This supports modern
initiatives. These projects go beyond environmental benefits, management, fosters innovation, improves user experience, and
positively impacting small and marginal farmers by improving ensures data security.
soil health, food security, and climate resilience.
Energy efficient IT infrastructure
Carbon neutral events: Infosys is committed to hosting carbon
neutral events as part of its broader climate action strategy. We have adopted a multi-pronged strategy to make our network
Infosys ensures that all event-related emissions are carefully and computer workload energy-efficient and environment-
measured, minimized, and offset through certified projects. friendly. Some of the measures implemented are:
This approach not only reinforces the Company’s pledge toward
Energy efficient network infrastructure: InfosysIT uses network
climate positivity, but also demonstrates Infosys’ intent to
gears with power saving features to enhance energy efficiency.
extend our sustainability practices to external-facing events
as well. In fiscal 2025, eight events organized by Infosys were Public cloud adoption: Majority of internal IT applications have
declared carbon neutral. been moved to public cloud infrastructure. All our employees
have been enabled for cloud-based collaboration for messaging,
presence, video, and other requirements. In addition, cloud-
Health, Safety and Environment
based unified internet access and secure private access has
Our Health, Safety, and Environmental Management System
improved hybrid work experience.
(HSEMS) reflects our commitment to creating a safe, healthy,
and sustainable workplace for employees, contractors, and The shift to cloud has helped in optimizing the on-premises data
visitors alike. Aligned with our broader climate and sustainability center footprint and also to scale up the infra on demand and
goals, Infosys is certified to ISO 14001:2015 for Environmental provision IT services seamlessly for all the new hires inducted
Management and ISO 45001:2018 for Occupational Health into the organization.
and Safety. The HSEMS is built on a strong framework of Data center modernization: A strategic initiative launched by
compliance, taking into account the needs of all stakeholders InfosysIT to modernize the data center IT landscape to make it
and ensuring adherence to applicable laws across all future-ready continues to yield high rewards. Density-optimized
regions where we operate. hyperscale platforms were deployed to enable high-density
server virtualization and consolidation across the enterprise.
Technology absorption Hyperscale platforms are open-source driven infrastructure
Live Enterprise@Infosys: An enterprise that senses, feels innovations that enable cloud-scale agility and efficient
and responds in real-time – this has been the theme of our resource pooling and utilization. This initiative is delivering
transformation journey in the recent years. We have used a significant power savings and reduce the total cost of ownership
mobile-first approach so that employees are connected to the for the organization.
organization wherever they are and can access the organization’s InfosysIT has invested on the Data Center Infrastructure
resources to learn and contribute. The response has been Management (DCIM) tool to get accurate visibility across the
phenomenal as over 2,50,000 unique users use InfyMe mobile entire data centre IT and facility stack, which is the foundation for
app every month for its 300+ features and more than 77,000 optimization initiatives.
users have rated it 4.6/5 on the Google Play Store. With process
Enterprise storage: The internal IT team provides all our delivery
bursting, we have seen many of our key processes become
units with multi-protocol storage using flash, fabric pool
faster and more responsive. Following the overwhelming
and storage grid technology, which is a highly efficient and
success in Infosys, we are also seeing interest of the Orbit
innovative approach to managing storage capacity. This not only
platform (InfyMe version for our clients) and have more than
saves data center footprint, but also reduces power consumption
12 clients using the same.
and cooling requirements, leading to overall operational savings.
Modern, hybrid, and secure workplace: Our hybrid workplace
Hybrid cloud storage is also used for some workloads with built-
uses borderless ODCs, virtual collaboration tools, and self-
in data protection and seamless scaling, eliminating the need for
service applications to enable employees to work from
buffer investments and achieving savings over on-premises data
anywhere. Our IT management system protects data and our
center space, power consumption and cooling.
brand by continuously assessing vulnerabilities. Collaborative
tools foster innovation and teamwork. Employees are enabled Cloud-native development environment: The open source-based
with AI-powered systems and tools to enhance productivity cloud-native development platform is built on Hyper Converged
and decision-making, allowing the automation of repetitive Infrastructure (HCI) and compute, which has helped reduce data
tasks and improving customer experience. The cloud-first center footprint, power and cooling consumption.
approach has helped in migrating our key security tools from
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 95
Annexures to the Board's report
Awards and recognition
Award Theme Awarded by
CII – Digital Transformation (DX) Award Most Innovative Best Practice Confederation of Indian Industry (CII)
– Centre for Digital Transformation
(CDT)
CIO 100 Awards Technological excellence demonstrated through the IDC and Foundry
transformative and innovative projects
JamF Business Resiliency Award Modern Management and Security Evangelist Economic Times and JamF
FICCI Young Leader Sustainability Leadership in sustainability Federation of Indian Chambers of
Champion award Commerce and Industry (FICCI)
Research and development (R&D) expenditure – standalone Foreign exchange earnings and outgo
(In ` crore) We have built an extensive direct marketing network around the
(In ` crore)
world, including North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific. These
695 offices are staffed with sales and marketing specialists who sell
Revenue expenditure 850 our services to large international clients.
Activity in foreign currency – standalone
Capital expenditure (In ` crore)
1,25,794
Earnings
1,33,294
Total
72,639
0.54 Expenditure
R&D expenditure / 77,141
revenue (%) 0.62
2024 2025 Net foreign exchange 53,155
earnings (NFE) 56,153
Future plan of action
We will continue to collaborate with leading national and 42.3
NFE / earnings (%)
international universities, product vendors and technology 42.1
startups. We are creating an ecosystem to co-create business
solutions on client-specific business issues. 2024 2025
for and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Sd/- Sd/-
Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh
Chairman Chief Executive Officer
Bengaluru
DIN: 00041245 and Managing Director
April 17, 2025 DIN : 01876159
96 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Annexure 8 – Corporate policies
We seek to promote and follow the highest level of ethical standards in all our business transactions guided by our value system. The SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, mandates the formulation of certain policies for all listed companies. The corporate governance policies are available on the
Company’s website, at https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/Pages/policies.aspx. The policies are reviewed periodically by the Board and are updated as
needed. During the year and at its meeting held on April 17, 2025, the Board revised and adopted some of the policies.
Key policies that have been adopted are as follows:
Name of the policy Brief description Web link
Whistleblower Policy The Company has adopted a Whistleblower mechanism to report concerns https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-
(Policy on vigil mechanism) about unethical behavior, actual or suspected fraud, or violation of the governance/documents/whistleblower-policy.pdf
Company’s Code of Conduct and Ethics. The policy was revised and adopted
effective January 16, 2025.
Code of Conduct and Ethics The Company has adopted the Code of Conduct and Ethics, which forms the https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-
foundation of its ethics and compliance program. The policy was revised and governance/documents/codeofconduct.pdf
adopted effective July 18, 2024.
Corporate Policy The policy applies to the distribution of free cash flow as dividends or buy- https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-
on Capital Allocation back over the next five-year period ending in fiscal 2029. The policy was governance/documents/capital-allocation-policy.pdf
revised and adopted effective April 18, 2024.
Policy for Dividend Distribution The Company has adopted the Dividend Distribution Policy to determine the https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-
distribution of dividends in accordance with the provisions of applicable laws. governance/documents/dividend-distribution.pdf
The policy was revised and adopted effective April 17, 2025.
Infosys Code on Fair Disclosures The policy is aimed at providing clear guidelines and procedures for disclos- https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-
and Investor Relations ing material information outside the Company in order to provide accurate, governance/documents/code-fair-disclosures-
timely and symmetric communications to our shareholders and the financial investor-relations.pdf
markets. The policy was revised and adopted effective April 17, 2025.
Policy for Determining The policy applies to disclosures of material events affecting Infosys and https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-
Materiality for Disclosures its subsidiaries. This policy is in addition to the above-mentioned Infosys governance/documents/policy-determining-
Code on Fair Disclosures and Investor Relations. The policy was revised and materiality-disclosures.pdf
adopted effective April 17, 2025.
Compensation Recovery Policy The policy deals with compensation clawback provisions. If the Company https://www.infosys.com/investors/
restates its financial statements, it allows the Company to recover any corporate-governance/documents/
incentive-based compensation received by an executive officer that is compensation-recovery-policy.pdf
in excess of what would have been payable based on the restated and
corrected financial statements. The policy was revised and adopted
effective April 18, 2024.
Nomination The policy formulates the criteria for determining qualifications, https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-
and Remuneration Policy competencies, positive attributes and independence for the appointment of governance/documents/nomination-
a director (executive / non-executive) and also the criteria for determining remuneration-policy.pdf
the remuneration of the directors, KMP, senior management and other
employees. The policy was revised and adopted effective April 18, 2024.
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Name of the policy Brief description Web link
Corporate Social The policy outlines the Company’s strategy to bring about a positive impact https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-
Responsibility Policy on society through programs relating to hunger, poverty, education, governance/documents/corporate-social-
healthcare, environment, and lowering of the Company’s resource footprint. responsibility-policy.pdf
The policy was revised and adopted effective April 17, 2025.
Policy for Determining The policy is used to determine the material subsidiaries and material unlisted https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-
Material Subsidiaries Indian subsidiaries of the Company and to provide governance framework for governance/documents/material-subsidiaries-policy.pdf
them. The policy was revised and adopted effective April 17, 2025.
Related Party The policy regulates all related party transactions of the Group. The policy https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-
Transactions Policy was revised and adopted effective April 17, 2025. governance/documents/related-party-
transaction-policy.pdf
Document Preservation The policy deals with the retention and archival of corporate records of https://www.infosys.com/investors/
& Archival Policy Infosys Limited. The policy was revised and adopted effective April 18, 2024. corporate-governance/documents/document-
retention-archival-policy.pdf
Board Diversity Policy The policy sets out the approach to diversity within the Board of the https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-
Company. The policy was revised and adopted effective April 18, 2024. governance/documents/board-diversity-policy.pdf
Enterprise Risk The policy is to institutionalize a formal risk management function and https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-
Management Policy framework in the Company. This policy is drafted in accordance with the governance/documents/enterprise-risk-
guidelines provided under the Charter of the Risk Management Committee management-policy.pdf
of the Board of Directors, and pursuant to Regulation 21 of the SEBI (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended.
The policy was revised and adopted effective April 18, 2024.
Statutory reports
Management’s discussion and analysis
Overview the challenge of having to reinvent their processes and systems
rapidly in the AI era. This needs an understanding of new
Infosys is a leading provider of consulting, technology, technologies and new ways of working, and also appreciation
outsourcing and next-generation digital services, enabling of AI landscapes, business processes and practices. Our strategy
clients to create and execute strategies for their digital is to be a navigator for our clients as they ideate, plan and
transformation and AI journey. execute on their journey to an AI future by building strong data
foundations with robust cloud capabilities. We are progressing
Our purpose is to amplify human potential and create the next
well on our journey to leverage AI to deliver business value with
opportunity for people, business and communities. We are
safeguards around privacy, ethics, and controls.
guided by our value system which motivates our attitudes and
actions. Our core values are Client value, Leadership by example,
Our strengths
Integrity and transparency, Fairness, and Excellence (C-LIFE).
We believe that we are well-positioned for the principal
Our strategic objective is to build a sustainable organization
competitive factors in our business. With more than four decades
that remains relevant to the agenda of our clients, while
of experience in managing the systems and workings of global
creating growth opportunities for our employees, generating
enterprises, we believe we are uniquely positioned to help
profitable growth for our investors and contributing to the
them steer through their AI transformation as we have built our
communities that we operate in. There are numerous risks and
own AI-first strategy and continue to invest in strengthening
challenges affecting our business. These are discussed in the Risk
our AI capabilities.
management report section of the Integrated Annual Report.
Our competition
I. Industry structure and developments
We see intense competition in traditional services, a rapidly
changing marketplace and the emergence of new players in
Fiscal 2025 saw uncertainties related to interest rates, geopolitical
niche technology areas. We have invested in building proprietary
conditions and elections across major economies compounding
intellectual property in software platforms and products. We
the ongoing transformation within the Tech services industry.
have continued to invest in Infosys Cobalt – a set of services,
The year has been another year of major uncertainties in the
solutions and platforms for enterprises to accelerate their cloud
economy, some geopolitical flux, and novel concerns around
journey, Infosys Topaz – a set of AI-first services, solutions and
protectionism led disruption of global balances. The high
platforms using generative AI technology and Infosys Aster – an
inflation and interest rates are driving down discretionary
AI-amplified Marketing Suite.
spending. The year has been a year of subdued growth, pockets
of economic green shoots that have kept technology-led growth
active. AI, has unified perspectives of the industry as well as III. Financial condition
government across geographies and sectors alike.
Refer to the Standalone and Consolidated financial statements in
Global GDP is estimated to have grown at 3.2% in CY 2024(1), this Integrated Annual Report for detailed schedules and notes.
down 10bps compared to the previous year. The IT services
growth during the same period has remained flat at 4.7%(2). We
1. Equity share capital
expect client spending and investments to continue to move
We have one class of shares – equity shares of par value ₹5 each.
towards AI in the near term. These investments are expected to
During the year, the movement in share capital was on account of
be crucial during this period of economic uncertainty.
shares issued on exercise of stock options.
The dynamism in technologies continues and the industry is
feeling the pressure to build AI strategies and stay ahead. We saw 2. Other equity
AI starting to reshape the industry in fiscal 2025. We continued
The movement in retained earnings was on account of profit
to witness businesses attempting to reimagine their cost
earned during the year and payment of dividends. The increase
structures, increase business resilience and agility, personalize
in securities premium is on account of the exercise of stock
experiences for customers and employees, and launch new and
options. The Group has made an irrevocable election to present
disruptive products and services, aided by enterprise AI. With our
the subsequent changes in fair value of certain instruments in
leadership position in AI, we believe we are well-positioned to
other comprehensive income.
take advantage of these market opportunities.
The Special Economic Zone Re-investment Reserve has been
For more information, refer to Our business context section of the
created out of the profit of the eligible SEZ unit in terms of the
Integrated Annual Report.
provisions of Sec 10AA(1)(ii) of Income-tax Act,1961. The reserve
(1) NASSCOM Annual Strategic review, 2025 should be utilized by the Company for acquiring new plant
(2) IDC – Technology Spend Forecast and machinery for the purpose of its business in terms of the
provisions of the Sec 10AA (2) of the Income-tax Act, 1961.
II. Opportunities and threats
3. Property, plant and equipment
Our strategy
Additions to gross block were mainly on computer equipment
Our clients and prospective clients are faced with transformative
and infrastructure.
business opportunities due to advances in software and
computing technology. These organizations are dealing with
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 99
Management’s discussion and analysis
4. Goodwill and other intangible assets credit rating agencies which can be withdrawn at any point of
time without prior notice or penalty on principal. Ratings are
On a consolidated basis, the carrying value of goodwill as
monitored periodically.
on March 31, 2025 is ₹10,106 crore. During the previous year,
the carrying value of goodwill was ₹7,303 crore. During the
D. Loans
year goodwill arising on acquisition of InSemi Technology
Services Private Limited and in-tech Holding GmbH We provide loans to subsidiaries as per business requirement.
amounted to ₹2,593 crore.
E. Other financial assets
On a consolidated basis, the carrying value of intangible assets
Restricted deposits represent amounts deposited with
as on March 31, 2025 is ₹2,766 crore, whereas on March 31,
financial institutions to settle employee-related obligations
2024, it was ₹1,397 crore. During the year ended March 31,
as and when they arise during the normal course of business.
2025, gross intangibles amounting to ₹1,940 crore comprising
Unbilled revenues are classified as financial assets as right to
mainly of customer-related intangibles were added on account
consideration is unconditional and is due only after passage
of acquisitions. Refer to Note 2.4.2 of the Consolidated financial
of time. Foreign currency forward and options contracts are
statements for further details.
entered into to mitigate the risk of changes in exchange rates on
foreign currency exposures. The counterparty for these contracts
5. Financial assets
is generally a bank.
A. Investments
On a standalone basis, during the year, we invested additionally 6. Other assets
in our subsidiaries, for the purpose of acquisition of entities,
Unbilled revenues are classified as non-financial asset where
operations and expansions.
the right to consideration is dependent on completion of
Refer to Annexure 1 to the Board’s report for the statement contractual milestones. Withholding taxes and others represent
pursuant to Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, for credits that can be availed against local taxes payable in
the summary of the financial performance of our subsidiaries. various countries. Deferred contract cost mainly comprises
The audited financial statements and related information of the cost of obtaining a contract and the cost of fulfilling a
subsidiaries will be available on our website, at www.infosys.com. contract recorded in accordance with Ind AS 115, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers.
We invest in the startup ecosystem to gain access to innovations
that, when combined with our services and solutions, can benefit
7. Deferred tax assets / liabilities
our clients. These investments are typically minority equity
positions in startup companies and / or venture capital funds. Net deferred tax liability comprises of deferred tax liabilities
less deferred tax assets. Deferred tax liability is primarily on
Our investments comprise liquid mutual funds units, target
account of temporary difference in the Special Economic Zone
maturity fund units, tax-free bonds, non-convertible debentures,
Re-investment Reserve, intangibles from business combination,
certificates of deposit, commercial paper, government securities
interest receivable on income tax refund for orders received
(G-secs) and quoted bonds and securities issued by government
partially offset by deferred tax asset on property, plant and
and quasi-government organizations. Certificates of deposit
equipment, lease liabilities, allowances for trade receivables and
and commercial papers represent marketable securities of
compensated absences.
banks, NBFCs and eligible financial institutions for a specified
time period with high credit rating by domestic credit rating
8. Income tax assets / liabilities
agencies. G-secs are highly liquid and marketable instruments
Our net profit earned from providing software development
issued across tenure, backed by the Government of India
and other services outside India is subject to tax in the country
and carrying a sovereign credit. Investments made in non-
where we perform the work. Most of our taxes paid in countries
convertible debentures represent debt instruments issued by
other than India can be claimed as credit against our tax
government-aided institutions and financial institutions with
liabilities in India.
high credit rating. The majority of investments of the Company
are fair valued based on Level 1 or Level 2 inputs. The Company
invests after considering counterparty risks based on multiple 9. Financial liabilities
criteria, including Tier-I capital, capital adequacy ratio, credit Liabilities for accrued compensation to employees include
rating, profitability, Non-performing assets (NPA) levels and the provision for bonus, accrued salaries, incentives and
deposit base of banks and financial institutions. These risks are retention bonus payable to the staff. Financial liability under
monitored regularly as part of our risk management program. option arrangements represents redemption liability towards
acquisitions to purchase the corresponding minority stake.
B. Trade receivables Accrued expenses represent amounts accrued for other
Days Sales Outstanding (DSO) was 69 days for the year ended operational expenses. Compensated absences are both
March 31, 2025, compared to 71 days in the previous year. accumulating and non-accumulating in nature. The expected
cost of accumulating compensated absences is determined by
C. Cash and cash equivalents actuarial valuation. Other financial liability includes financing
arrangements entered into by the Company with a third party
Our cash and cash equivalents comprise deposits with banks
towards deferred contract cost assets.
with high credit ratings assigned by international and domestic
100 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
10. Other liabilities based on the respective employee’s salary and the tenure of
employment. The plans provide for periodic payouts after
Withholding and other taxes payable represent local taxes
retirement and / or a lump-sum payment as set out in rules of
payable in various countries in which we operate. Invoicing
each fund and includes death and disability benefits.
in excess of revenues are classified as unearned revenues. We
provide for provident fund to eligible employees of Infosys,
which is a defined benefit plan as the Company has an obligation 11. Provisions
to make good the shortfall, if any, between the return from Provision for post-sales client support is towards likely cost for
the investments of the trust and the notified interest rate. The providing client support to fixed-price and fixed-timeframe
Company operates the defined benefit pension plan in certain contracts. Other provisions include approximately ₹150 crore
overseas jurisdictions, in accordance with local laws. These plans towards settlement of class action suits against McCamish.
are managed by third-party fund managers. We provide for
gratuity, a defined benefit retirement plan (“the Gratuity Plan”), 12. Leases
covering eligible employees in India. The Gratuity Plan provides
Additions mainly comprise lease of computers and buildings
a lump-sum payment to vested employees at retirement, death,
taken on lease in certain locations outside India.
incapacitation, or termination of employment, of an amount
IV. Results of our operations
For details about results of our operations, refer to 'Results of our operations and state of affairs' section in the Board's report.
During fiscal 2025, the Company continued running Project Maximus, a comprehensive margin expansion program structured across
five pillars – Value-Based Selling; Efficient Pyramid; Lean and Automation; Improving Critical Portfolios, and Reducing Indirect Costs.
Value-Based Selling is a focused strategy to identify opportunities to align pricing to the value that clients received for the services. Lean
and Automation is a strategic initiative to combine productivity and process improvement using automation technologies including
generative AI to enhance efficiency.
1. Revenue
The growth in our revenues in fiscal 2025 from fiscal 2024 is as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Standalone Consolidated
2025 2024 % change 2025 2024 % change
Revenue 1,36,592 1,28,933 5.9 1,62,990 1,53,670 6.1
The increase in revenue was primarily attributable to an increase 2. Expenditure
in realization on account of Value-Based Selling, productivity Cost of sales
benefit from Lean and Automation, currency, acquisition and
The cost of sales have decreased as a percentage of revenue by
revenue mix partially offset by decline in volume.
0.2% on standalone basis and by 0.4% on consolidated basis
Revenue growth in reported terms includes the impact of in fiscal 2025 over fiscal 2024. The cost of efforts, comprising
currency fluctuations. We, therefore, additionally report the employee cost and cost of technical sub-contractors, has
revenue growth in constant currency terms, which represents decreased as a percentage of revenue from 60.2% in fiscal 2024
the real growth in revenue, excluding the impact of currency to 58.8% in fiscal 2025 on a standalone basis, and from 56.4% in
fluctuations. We calculate constant currency growth by fiscal 2024 to 55.4% in fiscal 2025 on a consolidated basis.
comparing current-period revenues in respective local currencies The cost of efforts as a percentage of revenue has decreased
converted to USD using prior-period exchange rates and mainly on account of improved onsite mix, utilization and
comparing the same to our prior-period reported revenues. Our increase in third-party costs.
revenues in reported currency terms for fiscal 2025 is ₹1,62,990
Third-party items bought for service delivery to clients include
crore, a growth of 6.1%. Our revenues for fiscal 2025 in constant
software and hardware, which are integral to our overall service
currency grew by 4.2%.
delivery to clients.
We added 365 new customers (gross) during fiscal 2025 as
compared to 385 new customers (gross) during fiscal 2024. Selling and marketing expenses
On a consolidated basis, for the year ended March 31, 2025, The selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue
approximately 96.9% were export revenues whereas 3.1% were on standalone basis and consolidated basis have increased by
domestic revenues, while for the year ended March 31, 2024, 0.2% in fiscal 2025 over fiscal 2024.
97.5% were export revenues whereas 2.5% were domestic
revenues. Refer to the ‘Segmental profitability’ section in this
report for more details on the analysis of segment revenues.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 101
Management’s discussion and analysis
General and administration expenses Our effective tax rate in fiscal 2024 was lower primarily on
The general and administration expenses as a percentage of account of reversal of tax provision due to receipt of order
revenue on standalone and consolidated basis have decreased giving effects in fiscal 2024 for prior assessment years. Effective
by 0.3% and 0.2% respectively in fiscal 2025 over fiscal 2024. tax rate is generally influenced by various factors including
Contribution towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) on non-deductible expenses, exempt non-operating income,
standalone basis is ₹540 crore and ₹492 crore for fiscal 2025 and overseas taxes, tax reversals and provisions pertaining to prior
2024, respectively. On consolidated basis is ₹585 crore and ₹533 periods, changes to tax regulations and other tax deductions.
crore for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. Tax reversals and provisions pertaining to prior periods are
primarily on account of adjudication of certain disputed matters,
upon filing of tax return and completion of assessments, across
3. Other income and finance cost
various jurisdictions.
Other income primarily includes income from investments, gain
/ loss on investments, foreign exchange gain / loss on forward During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Company received
and options contracts, foreign exchange gain / loss on translation orders under Section 250 of the Income-tax Act, 1961, from the
of other assets and liabilities and interest on income tax refund. Income Tax Authorities in India for the assessment years, 2016-17
Other income for fiscal 2025 includes interest (pre-tax) on income and 2019-20. These orders confirmed the Company's position
tax refund of ₹327 crore on account of orders received under with respect to tax treatment of certain contentious matters. As a
Sections 250 of the Income-tax Act, 1961, from the income tax result interest income (pre-tax) of ₹327 crore was recognised and
authorities in India for certain assessment years. Other income provision for income tax aggregating ₹183 crore was reversed
for fiscal 2024 includes interest (pre-tax) on income tax refund with a corresponding credit to the Statement of Profit and Loss.
of ₹1,933 crore on account of orders received under Sections Also, upon resolution of the disputes, an amount aggregating to
250 and 254 of the Income-tax Act, 1961, from the income tax ₹1,068 crore has been reduced from contingent liabilities.
authorities in India for certain assessment years. In fiscal 2025, the
During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company received
Company received ₹1,522 crore of dividend from our subsidiaries,
orders under Sections 250 and 254 of the Income-tax Act, 1961,
which is reflected in the Standalone financial statement.
from the Income Tax Authorities in India for the assessment
Interest income in fiscal 2025 has increased as compared to fiscal years, 2007-08 to 2015-16, 2017-18 and 2018-19. These orders
2024 primarily due to increase in investible base and increase confirmed the Company's position with respect to tax treatment
in yield on investments. We use foreign exchange forward and of certain contentious matters. As a result interest income
options contracts to hedge our exposure against movements in (pretax) of ₹1,933 crore was recognised and provision for income
foreign exchange rates. Finance cost is on account of leases. The tax aggregating ₹525 crore was reversed with a corresponding
lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in credit to the Statement of Profit and Loss. Also, upon resolution
the lease or, if not readily determinable, using the incremental of the disputes, an amount aggregating to ₹1,628 crore has been
borrowing rates in the country of domicile of these leases. reduced from contingent liabilities.
4. Provision for tax 5. Segmental profitability
We have provided for our tax liability both in India and overseas. The Company’s operations predominantly relate to providing
The Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019 has introduced end-to-end business solutions to enable clients to enhance
Section 115BAA wherein a domestic company can exercise performance of their business. Business segments of the
option for a reduced rate of corporate tax without claim of Company are primarily enterprises in Financial Services
certain deductions mentioned therein including deduction for and Insurance; Manufacturing; Retail, Consumer Packaged
SEZ units under Section 10AA of the Income-tax Act, 1961. For Goods and Logistics; Energy, Utilities, Resources and Services;
the fiscal 2025, the income tax expense of the Company has been Communication, Telecom OEM and Media; Hi-Tech; Life Sciences
recognized by applying the provision of Section 115BAA of the and Healthcare; and all other segments. All other segments
Income-tax Act without claim of deduction for SEZ units under represent the operating segments of businesses in India,
Section 10AA of the Income-tax Act. Japan, China, Infosys Public Services and other enterprises in
public services. This is discussed in detail in Note 2.26 to the
Particulars Standalone Consolidated Consolidated financial statement in this Integrated Annual Report.
2025 2024 2025 2024
Income tax expense (in ₹ crore) 9,873 8,719 10,858 9,740
Effective tax rate (in %) 27.9 24.3 28.9 27.1
102 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Business segments – Consolidated
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Financial Retail Communication Energy, Utilities, Manufacturing Hi-Tech Life All other Total
Services Resources and Sciences segments
Services
Segmental revenues
2025 45,175 22,059 19,108 21,710 25,207 13,090 11,831 4,810 1,62,990
2024 42,158 22,504 17,991 20,035 22,298 12,411 11,515 4,758 1,53,670
Growth (%) 7.2 (2.0) 6.2 8.4 13.0 5.5 2.7 1.1 6.1
Segmental operating income
2025 11,099 7,133 3,341 6,097 4,856 3,220 2,663 827 39,236
2024 9,324 6,882 3,688 5,523 4,197 3,153 2,898 760 36,425
Growth (%) 19.0 3.6 (9.4) 10.4 15.7 2.1 (8.1) 8.8 7.7
Segmental operating margin (%)
2025 24.6 32.3 17.5 28.1 19.3 24.6 22.5 17.2 24.1
2024 22.1 30.6 20.5 27.6 18.8 25.4 25.2 16.0 23.7
The following graph sets forth our revenue by geography: Our growth has been financed largely through cash
generated from operations.
(In ₹ crore)
Our cash flows are robust. Our operating cash flows have
2025 2024
increased in fiscal 2025 as compared to fiscal 2024 mainly on
account of increase in net profit adjusted for non-cash items,
better working capital management partially and by lower net
94,397(57.9%) 92,411(60.1%) income tax payments due to higher tax refunds.
14,984(9.2%) 15,111(9.8%)
Total Total Consolidated cash and investments of ₹47,549 crore
5,014(3.1%) 1,62,990 3,881(2.5%) 1,53,670
comprise cash and cash equivalents, current and non-
48,595(29.8%) 42,267(27.6%)
current investments excluding investments in equity and
preference shares and others.
% growth - 2025
Capital Allocation Policy
North America – 2.1% Europe – 15.0% Refer to the Board’s report in this Integrated Annual Report
for details on our Capital Allocation Policy, reviewed and
India – 29.2% Rest of the World – (0.8%)
approved on April 18, 2024.
Total growth 6.1% 7. Related party transactions
These have been discussed in detail in Note 2.24 to the
Overall segment profitability has increased primarily on account Standalone financial statements in this Integrated Annual Report.
of an increase in foreign currency translation benefits, benefit
from Project Maximus arising from Value-Based Selling, and 8. Events occurring after Balance Sheet date
Lean and Automation, improved utilization, and an insurance
There were no significant events that occurred after the Balance
claim receivable relating to a cyber event pertaining to fiscal
Sheet date apart from the ones mentioned in ‘Material changes
2024, partially offset by higher employee compensation, higher
and commitments affecting financial position between the end
cost of third-party items bought for service delivery to clients
of the fiscal and date of the report’ in the Board’s report in this
and acquisition impact.
Integrated Annual Report.
6. Liquidity
9. Key financial ratios
Our principal source of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents
In accordance with the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
and cash flow that we generate from operations. We have no
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Company is required to
outstanding borrowings. We believe our working capital is
give details of significant changes (change of 25% or more as
sufficient for our requirements.
compared to the immediately previous financial year) in key
sector-specific financial ratios.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 103
Management’s discussion and analysis
The Company has identified the following ratios as Ratios where there has been a significant change from fiscal
key financial ratios: 2024 to fiscal 2025
Revenue growth for fiscal 2025 has gone up as compared to
Particulars Standalone Consolidated
revenue growth for fiscal 2024 and segment-level details have
2025 2024 2025 2024 been explained in the relevant section above.
Market capitalization to
revenues (times) NA NA 4.0 4.0 V. Outlook, risks and concerns
Price / Earnings (times) NA NA 24.4 23.6
We have adopted an integrated ERM framework that is
Days Sales Outstanding implemented across the organization by the risk management
(DSO)(1) – – 69 71 office. Our ERM framework is developed by incorporating the
Cash and investment(2) as a best practices based on COSO and ISO 31000 and then tailored to
% of total assets 28.7 26.6 31.9 28.3 suit our unique business requirements.
Revenue growth (%) 5.9 4.0 6.1 4.7 We have provided the details of Infosys ERM framework, key and
Operating margin (%) 22.6 22.3 21.1 20.7 emerging risks along with mitigation in the Risk management
report of this Integrated Annual Report. The list of risk factors
Net profit margin (%) 18.7 21.1 16.4 17.1
which we track for our business are covered in our 20-F filing
Current ratio (times) 2.4 2.6 2.3 2.3 available at https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/
Debt equity ratio (times)(3) 0.0 0.0 0.1 0.1 annual-report/annual-reports.html.
Debtors turnover (times) 5.3 5.6 5.3 5.5
VI. Internal financial control systems and their
Interest coverage ratio
adequacy
(times)(4) 161.4 130.8 91.4 77.6
Basic EPS (₹)(5) 61.58 65.62 64.50 63.39
Infosys has aligned its current systems of internal financial
control with the requirement of Companies Act, 2013, based on
(1) The Company does not track DSO at a standalone level.
criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework
(2) Includes cash and cash equivalents and investments, excluding
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
investments in equity, preference shares and others
of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Internal Control –
(3) Debt represents only lease liabilities.
Integrated Framework (the 2013 framework) is intended to
(4) Primarily lease interest
increase transparency and accountability in an organization’s
(5) Includes a positive impact on the Basic and Diluted EPS is ₹1.03 on
process of designing and implementing a system of internal
account of orders received under Sections 250 of the Income-tax Act,
1961, from the Income Tax authorities in India for certain assessment years control. The framework requires a company to identify and
on consolidated and standalone basis, respectively, for the year ended analyze risks and manage appropriate responses.
March 31, 2025
Internal financial control systems include the design,
Includes a positive impact on the Basic and Diluted EPS is ₹4.76 and
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial
₹4.75 on account of orders received under Sections 250 and 254 of the
Income-tax Act, 1961, from the Income Tax Authorities in India for certain controls that are operating effectively for ensuring the orderly
assessment years on consolidated and standalone basis, respectively, and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to the
for the year ended March 31, 2024 (Refer to Note 2.17 of the Standalone Company’s policies, safeguarding of its assets, prevention and
and Consolidated financial statements included in this Integrated Annual
detection of frauds and errors, accuracy and completeness of
Report for further details.)
the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable
Return on net worth financial information, as required under the Act.
The details of return on net worth at standalone and
In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and
consolidated levels are as follows:
procedures, the Management recognizes that any controls
and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated,
Particulars Standalone Consolidated can only provide reasonable assurance that the objectives
of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Based on
2025 2024 2025 2024
their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this
Return on net worth
Integrated Annual Report, our CEO and CFO have concluded
(%) 30.3 36.6 29.0 32.1
that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to
provide reasonable assurance that the information required
Return on net worth is computed as net profit by average net
to be disclosed in filings and submissions, is recorded,
worth. Net profit increased from ₹26,233 crore to ₹26,713 crore
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods
on a consolidated basis and decreased from ₹27,234 crore
specified, and that material information related to us and our
to ₹25,568 crore on a standalone basis. Average net worth
consolidated subsidiaries is accumulated and communicated to
has increased in line with the net profit increase adjusted for
management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
dividends and buyback.
Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions about
required disclosure.
104 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, the statutory auditors of Infosys comprising resolution hubs. Resolution hubs adhere to the
Limited, has audited the financial statements included in principles of natural justice, confidentiality, sensitivity, non-
this Integrated Annual Report, and as part of their audit, has retaliation and fairness, while addressing concerns. The concerns
issued their report on the Company’s internal financial controls are handled objectively while ensuring timely action and closure.
(as defined in Section 143 of Companies Act, 2013), on the In matters that entail a detailed investigation, the process
effectiveness of our internal financial controls over Standalone ensures fairness for all involved, with an opportunity to be heard,
and Consolidated financial statements as at March 31, 2025. present facts and any material evidence before a neutral panel.
Infosys Limited has appointed Ernst & Young LLP to oversee
HEAR
and carry out internal audit of its activities. The audit is based
on an internal audit plan, which is reviewed each year in Infosys has a robust grievance redressal forum called HEAR
consultation with the statutory auditors and approved by (Hearing Employees And Resolving) fostering healthy employee
the Audit Committee. relations and a positive work environment by giving our
employees a neutral platform ‘to be heard’ and building the
The CEO and CFO certification provided in the CEO and CFO culture of ‘speak up’. Employees can raise a complaint on the
Certification section of the Integrated Annual Report discusses HEAR webapp or InfyMe mobile application or write to HEAR@
the adequacy of our internal control systems and procedures. infosys.com. HEAR adopts a decentralized model and addresses
employee concerns in a structured manner with appellate forums
VII. Material developments in human resources / for workplace grievances that have not been duly heard at the
industrial relations, including number of people preliminary level by the Managers (or) line HR.
employed
ASHI
Our culture and reputation as a leader in consulting, technology, The Company’s assurance to its employees of providing a
outsourcing and next-generation digital services enable us to harassment-free workplace is reflected in our key initiative, ASHI
attract and retain some of the best talent. (Anti-Sexual Harassment Initiative). As per the Prevention of
Sexual Harassment Act in India, the Company has constituted
Internal Committees (IC) in all the development centers with
Human resources management
the ambit of the regulatory jurisdiction, for redressal of sexual
Infosys is a people company that understands the immense
harassment matters reported by women employees. We also
potential of technology and strives to create a world-class
have a strong governance mechanism in the form of GRB
employee experience. The Company has implemented various
(Grievance Redressal Body) to define, interpret and implement
initiatives to inspire and enable its employees to find purpose
the Company’s policy on prevention of sexual harassment at
and make an indelible impact through meaningful work and
the workplace. GRB consists of external members, internal
passionate teams, ensure that they continuously learn and
senior members, and the Investigative Council. Here, we follow
grow in their careers and shape the collective future, and create
a gender-neutral approach in redressal of all such complaints.
opportunities for every employee to navigate further, powered
Complaints are taken up for a formal redressal process in line
by the culture and values of Infosys.
with the POSH Act and the Company’s policy on anti-harassment
This is true at each stage of career for our employees. A strong as applicable. The reports on ASHI grievances can be shared to
focus on leadership development has ensured that we have a GRB@infosys.com and employees can also report complaints on
robust leadership bench at all times, encouraging leaders from the ASHI webapp or InfyMe mobile application.
within the Company to move up and take on new challenges.
Extending the initiative to contract staff
Adapting to the changing work environment, Infosys has
Our commitment to a positive and safe working environment
adopted a hybrid model of work that balances employee
is not restricted only to our employees, but also third parties,
flexibility and business requirement. Leveraging technology and
who provide services in our campuses. We conduct refresher
automation, it has improved workforce efficiency, engagement,
sessions for such third-party employees to reinforce the message.
transformation, and innovation. Recognizing and rewarding its
These sessions are covered in nine vernacular languages in India
employees for their performance, excellence, and leadership,
currently. Emergency / safety cards with important contact
it has fostered a culture of diversity, equity, and inclusion,
numbers are also handed over to all Infosys employees and
and ensured a safe and positive work environment for all
employees of such third parties.
its employees. Infosys has also received several awards and
accolades for its best-in-class HR practices and processes.
Whistleblower Policy
Resolution hubs The Company has formulated the Whistleblower Policy in
line with the mandated regulatory requirements – Sarbanes-
Infosys is committed to providing a safe and positive work
Oxley Act (SOX), 2002 & Companies Act, 2013 – which
environment. In keeping with this philosophy, the organization
mandates listed companies to establish a “vigil mechanism” for
envisages an open-door policy and encourages a culture of
reporting genuine concerns.
“speak up”. Employees also have access to several forums
where they can highlight matters or concerns faced at the The forum is predominantly for the receipt, retention and
workplace for effective remediation. This is achieved through treatment of complaints regarding matters of probable
a well-established and robust grievance resolution mechanism discrepancies in accounting, internal accounting controls or
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 105
Management’s discussion and analysis
auditing, and also enables anonymous reporting by employees. online self-learning, instructor-led virtual training opportunities
While the Whistleblower Policy and the forum is administered along with in-person classroom training opportunities to our
and managed by the Office of Integrity and Compliance, employees. Bridge programs help employees with training and
complaints (anonymous or otherwise) pertaining to deviations in internship opportunities to switch to a new career field, while
workplace policies / processes involving employees are reviewed retaining them within the organization.
in tandem by the Employee Relations Department.
Lex, our in-house learning platform, offers over 36,000+
curated courses, which includes over 30,000 courses procured
Human rights
from vendor partners both for enterprise consumption and
Infosys is a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact niche communities with specific knowledge requirements.
(UNGC) and supports the protection and elevation of human Around 20,000 employees used Lex on weekdays and around
rights. Our stand on human rights is contained in an important 5,000 employees used it on weekends, with an average
pillar of our Code of Conduct, viz., ‘Respecting each other.’ Refer learning time of 40 minutes.
to Infosys Code of Conduct: https://www.infosys.com/investors/
corporate-governance/documents/codeofconduct.pdf. Infosys Wingspan, our configurable talent transformation
platform for clients, is used by several global organizations for
Recruitment their talent transformation programs.
As of March 31, 2025, the Group employed 3,23,578 employees, Infosys Springboard, led by a dedicated team of experts
of which 3,06,599 were professionals involved in service delivery collaborating globally with curriculum partners, non-profits,
to clients, including trainees. and a global network of leading educational institutions.
More than 20,000 courses are available and about 9.2 million
We continually seek and employ a diverse workforce across
learners across the world are actively consuming content on
various IT fields. We have established strong connections
Infosys Springboard.
with leading institutions worldwide and recruit students
who consistently demonstrate exceptional performance. Our
VIII. Other details
initiative, HackWithInfy, an online coding competition, has
gained international recognition once more, allowing us to draw 1. Quality
in top coding talent. The Quality function at Infosys, in line with the organization’s
vision and strategy of ‘Navigate the Next’, has three
We remained steadfast in our commitment to the RestartWithInfy
strategic imperatives:
initiative to welcome back women who were forced to take a
break from the IT industry into our workforce. We were able to • Differentiate Infosys’ services through superior performance
hire 935 women into the Infosys ecosystem in fiscal 2025 through and quality
this successful endeavor.
• Optimize Infosys’ client projects as well as internal functions
During fiscal 2025, we received 44,57,748 employment for greater efficiency and agility
applications, interviewed 430,080 applicants and extended offers • De-risk Infosys’ operations by ensuring delivery excellence,
of employment to 83,207 applicants. These statistics do not compliance and sustainability
include our subsidiaries.
With usage of AI becoming mainstream, it is imperative to
Education, training and assessment (ETA) standardize and scale responsible adoption of AI. To address
this need, our Quality team is working on defining an adaptable
Infosys continues to invest in developing human potential
AI-first software engineering framework, which re-imagines
for the organization, and the world at large. We are now
the end-to-end engineering lifecycle for the services that we
experiencing the play of Human + AI in multiple fields, including
provide for our clients. Starting with the requisite AI foundation,
learning. This technology wave gives us the ability to hyper-
the framework aims to lay out AI-infused process workflows with
personalize learning, at scale, across all our learning offerings.
integrated engineering, impact on team topologies and roles
These efforts have helped us garner external accolades from
and value-based governance. In addition, the evolved Infosys
Brandon Hall and ATD Best.
digital operating model for an AI-first enterprise with product-
The Foundation Training Program, anchored across India and based working, user experience design, data ecosystems,
multiple other countries enables newly onboarded entry-level advanced engineering, and digital talent enablement provides
hires to transform into corporate professionals. Comprising over the necessary foundation to help clients maximize value from
45+ technology streams, the curriculum has kept pace with the investments in digital and AI technologies.
dynamic business requirements and the preferred pedagogical
Our Quality team continues to scale and evolve our capabilities
approach of the current generation of talent. Generative AI and
in new ways of working – Agile, DevSecOps, and Site Reliability
prompt engineering courses have been introduced to ensure
Engineering, and navigate the shift from project to product and
freshers are adept in the new skills.
platform-led ways of working using our product-centric value
Our Continuous Education Program is aimed at reskilling / delivery approach. In addition, Quality Consulting also helps
upskilling our existing employees with the twin objectives of clients to transform their ways of working and adopt engineering
increasing fulfilment of skilled talents in client projects and excellence, within their organizations.
enriching their expertise in next-generation digital technologies Quality has been leading the way in driving lean and automation
and methodologies, including gen AI technologies. We provide in the organization to enhance productivity and quality, which
106 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
has resulted in large optimization in projects. It deployed ISO 20000, ISO 27701, AS 9100 and ISO 13485. Infosys is certified
robust frameworks, tools and platforms across service lines to ISO 50001 (Energy management system) as a part of our
in a collaborative manner to drive hyper-productivity and continued commitment to ESG.
engineering excellence. Our holistic automation maturity model
Infosys is among the first IT companies to comply with and
is actively used to help projects increasing automation levels,
get accredited certification for ISO 42001:2023 standard (AI
from point tools towards cognitive and autonomous operations,
management systems). The Company continued to comply
leveraging AI and Gen AI.
with and get assessed at the enterprise level for SSAE 18 SOC
Quality continues to drive best practices and sustenance 2 type II & ISAE 3402 / SSAE 18 SOC 1 type II including cloud
through structured audits and assessment frameworks, focusing platforms. Our RAI design assessment (Responsible AI Program)
on de-risking the organization, with augmented coverage of is considered as a “ leading practice” and we have been certified
services, centers and subsidiaries. We continue to comply with as an early adopter.
international management system standards and models, viz.,
ISO 9001, ISO 27001, ISO 14001, ISO 45001,ISO 50001, ISO 22301,
2. Infosys Center for Emerging Technology Solutions (iCETS)
InspireNEXT ServiceNext
H3 trends, LPaaS and CoEs Technology and domain platforms
Analyze new technologies and Help Infosys amplify innovation by
business trends (H3) and develop creating platforms / IP / accelerators and
thought leadership software-led offerings
iCETS
IncubateNext ConnectNext
Living labs and innovation hubs Infosys Innovation Network (IIN)
Establish a strategic innovation partnership with Ecosystem of startups, clients,
clients by building emerging technology-driven hyperscalers and universities to bring best
solutions through living labs and innovation hubs of innovations from around the world
iCETS is the emerging technology solution incubation partner for data readiness for AI, etc. Each of these platforms gives Infosys
Infosys’ clients and units. It provides next-generation platforms an edge by providing efficient services and helping clients to
and innovation-as-a-service to help future-proof enterprise reduce costs and risks while adopting new solutions. We have
businesses, leveraging 'New Emerging and eXploratory over 1,000 client deployments of our IP across our portfolio.
Technologies’ (NEXT). There are four distinct dimensions across Be The Navigator (BTN) is our flagship program for grassroot
which iCETS delivers innovation. innovation. It is a structured and scalable program for our clients
to leverage our innovation expertise and infrastructure to make
InspireNEXT: A set of capabilities and offerings designed to
improvements each day.
help discover new possibilities of doing business. The Listening
Post-as-a-Service (LPaaS) acts as signal catcher of new business ConnectNext: Brings together innovations from an external
and technology trends. We have helped over 65 clients to ecosystem of hyperscalers, startups and universities. The Infosys
detect early signals of evolving phenomena from innovation Innovation Network (IIN) today nurtures over 370 startups across
centers across the world. The insights gathered from our LPaaS technologies. Its collaboration with hyperscalers and product
program and our clients help us to set up and develop Centers players helps to differentiate Infosys' services and platforms,
of Excellence (CoEs) for technologies such as AI and gen AI, including in gen AI, data readiness, immersive experiences,
quantum computing, cybersecurity, mixed reality, etc. These space, semiconductor, etc. With these startup-led solutions,
CoEs experiment with and develop possible and demonstrable we have over 1,000 client impressions exploring the best of
solutions for our clients, e.g. an AI benchmarking platform, innovations from around the world.
logistics optimization using quantum technologies, etc.
IncubateNext: Provides our clients with rapid and agile
ServiceNext: Leverages newly-developed capabilities and innovation capabilities. Infosys internal experts, IP and
IP to help differentiate our service offerings or create new external partnerships like startups bring significant scope
offerings for our clients. For e.g., LEAP for AI-led maintenance for experimentation, scaling of ideas and increased velocity
projects, CyberNext for cybersecurity management for our of innovation. Infosys Living Labs has helped 100+ clients
clients, IQE for quality engineering services, iDSS and iEDPS for in adopting new technologies like AI, gen AI, mixed reality,
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 107
Management’s discussion and analysis
customer experience, etc. Most of our innovations are also made at 1,869. The client segmentation, based on the last 12 months’
available for wider learnings via our Innovation Hubs. With over revenue for the current and previous years, on a consolidated
190 different technology experiences, we get our clients from basis, is as follows:
different industries to understand the potential and apply these
innovations to their business opportunities. Clients 2025 2024
We have also established the Applied Research Centers 100 million dollar + 39 40
(ARC) that focus on technological and trends research across 50 million dollar + 85 83
diverse domains such as Applied AI, New Interaction Models,
10 million dollar + 309 315
Autonomous Machines, Advanced Cybersecurity and other
1 million dollar + 992 959
emerging technology areas.
5. Infosys Leadership Institute
3. Branding
With AI playing a pivotal role in the next phase of transformation
Brand Infosys is a key intangible asset for the Company, ranked
of organizations, the Infosys Leadership Institute (ILI) partnered
amongst the world’s Top 100 brands in 2025, and recognized
with Kellogg to bring their highly acclaimed program on AI
as the fastest growing IT services brand globally, over a
Applications of Growth to all its leaders. In fiscal 2025, more
5-year period. It is nurtured by over 3,20,000 purpose-driven
than 1,000 senior leaders of Infosys completed this certification
Infoscions seeking to amplify human potential and create the
program and most of them also participated in a live discussion
next opportunity for people, businesses, and communities. The
with the author of this course, Prof. Mohanbir Sawhney. This
brand serves to position Infosys as the next-generation digital-
includes about 250 women leaders, with many of them also
first, enterprise AI partner of choice for businesses navigating
working on AI-related projects and initiatives.
their transformation. It is built around the premise that the
experience we have gained, over four decades, in managing ILI strengthened the succession program by broadening its focus
the systems and workings of global enterprises enables us to key roles in business and enabling functions, in addition to
uniquely to be navigators for our clients. We do it by enabling creating highly personalized development programs for the
them with an AI-first foundation. We also empower the business incumbents and successors in organizational critical positions.
with enterprise AI, cloud, and other digital technologies at The highly successful succession-enabling Constellation program
scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and was expanded to include more high potential emerging leaders.
customer delight. Our always-on learning approach drives Together with a 10-month curated program with Oxford
continuous improvement through building and transferring University, the Constellation leaders also commenced work
skills, expertise, and ideas from our innovation ecosystem. Our in smaller cross-functional teams on strategic organizational
localization investments in talent and innovation centers help projects, aimed to bolster their enterprise leadership thus
accelerate the business transformation agenda. For over four preparing them for senior leadership positions.
decades, we have been deeply committed to being a well-
Broader leadership development and engagement continued,
governed, environmentally sustainable partner for our clients,
with signature programs like the 10-month Enterprise
where diverse talent, in an inclusive workplace, helps them
Leadership program in partnership with multiple universities
navigate their next.
including Kellogg, Tuck, and NUS and the six-month-long
Our marketing reach extends globally through digital-first multi- Executive Presence and Presentation program in partnership
channel campaigns. As the digital innovation partner for the with The Economist. More than 2,000 1x1 leadership advisory
Australian Open, Roland-Garros, ATP and The International Tennis discussions were completed by ILI with leaders, focused on
Hall of Fame, we help showcase how brand Infosys is reimagining their leadership development plan. With more than 97% leaders
the tennis ecosystem for a billion fans globally, leveraging data, completing a significant development intervention, Infosys
insights, and digital experiences. We are the official digital leaders invested 10,500+ leadership learning days equivalent
innovation partner of Madison Square Garden (MSG) properties on their development.
including the New York Knicks, New York Rangers and the MSG
Leadership diversity continues to be important for Infosys and
Arena. We are also official digital innovation partner for the ABB
the acclaimed ILI IamtheFuture program saw more than 200
FIA Formula E World Championship. In addition, our strategic
women leaders completing a development program addressing
partnerships with Dow Jones, The Economist Group, Financial
critical and differentiating competencies needed for success and
Times and Handelsblatt Media Group further accentuate this
growth. About 100 women leaders completed a program with
position. We participate in premier business and industry events
Stanford on Executive Communication, along with 1x1 coaching
around the world, while also organizing our own signature
with an external communication firm. Career conversations
events and CXO roundtables. Confluence, our flagship client
were completed for critical and high-potential women leaders
event series across the US, Europe and APAC, is rated highly by
across segments and delivery, and 200 women+ leaders
our clients and industry partners.
completed a development coaching conversation with internal
leadership advisors.
4. Client base
Our client-centric approach continues to bring us high levels Our relentless focus on leadership development and
of client satisfaction. We, along with our subsidiaries, added engagement continues to set us up well for the future.
365 new clients, including a substantial number of large global
corporations. Our total client base at the end of the year stood
108 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
6. Infosys Knowledge Institute 7. ESG vision and ambitions
The Infosys Knowledge Institute (IKI) is the business research and In October 2020, we launched our ESG Vision 2030 to ‘shape and
thought leadership arm of Infosys. IKI harnesses the intellectual share solutions that serve the development of businesses and
capital of Infosys experts and client collaborations to produce communities.’ Our vision continues to reflect how ESG is integral
novel, distinctive content and insights on the business impact to Infosys’ sustainable and responsible business performance. We
that technology can drive for enterprises. IKI also develops continue to be carbon neutral across scope 1,2 and 3 emissions
proprietary data and insights through primary research, for the sixth consecutive year. We have expanded our skilling
including large-scale surveys and quantitative analysis. These are initiatives to include 13.3 million people. As a part of our Tech for
published through its flagship Radar maturity reports, the annual Good initiatives we launched Sight Connect app in partnership
Tech Navigator report and ongoing Tech Compass tech trends with L.V. Prasad Eye Institute to make eye care more accessible to
series, and industry-focused market outlooks and executive all. We remain steadfast in our commitment to nurture workplace
journals. IKI has collaborated with 800 clients and created inclusivity. An empowered, diverse, inclusive Board continues to
over 1,500 assets since inception. For more information, visit sharpen stakeholder focus by bringing their interests to the fore.
https://infosys.com/iki. Our data privacy and information management efforts continue
to shape policy and lead the way industry.
For more information about our ESG Vision and ambitions, read
our ESG Vision 2030 document at https://www.infosys.com/
content/dam/infosys-web/en/about/corporate-responsibility/
esg-vision-2030/index.html.
For information on the progress of our ESG ambitions, read
the ESG report at https://www.infosys.com/sustainability/
documents/infosys-esg-report-2024-25.pdf.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 109
Statutory reports
Corporate governance report
Corporate governance guides how a company is directed and to gain and retain the trust of our stakeholders. This is ensured
its relationships with its stakeholders. With the right structure by taking ethical business decisions and conducting business
and systems in place, good corporate governance enables with a firm commitment to values, while meeting stakeholders’
companies to create an environment of trust, transparency and expectations. We are committed to defining, following and
accountability, which promotes long-term capital and supports practicing the highest level of corporate governance across all
economic growth and financial stability. our business functions.
Our corporate governance is a statement of the values we
Our corporate governance philosophy
stand by as we conduct our business and engage with our
stakeholders. Our Company has been a leader in adopting
Our corporate governance is a reflection of our value system, internationally-recognized corporate governance guidelines and
encompassing our culture, policies, and relationships with our has set the highest standards in abiding by them.
stakeholders. Integrity and transparency are key to our corporate
Our governance rests on our core value system of C-LIFE (Client
governance practices, and ensure that we gain and retain the
value, Leadership by example, Integrity and transparency,
trust of our stakeholders at all times.
Fairness and Excellence) and is guided by the OECD (Organization
At Infosys (“the Company”), it is imperative that our Company for Economic Co-operation and Development) principles. Our
affairs are managed in a fair and transparent manner. This is vital corporate governance framework thus encompasses:
Ensuring the basis for an
1 4 Disclosure and transparency
effective corporate governance framework
G20/OECD
The rights and equitable Principles of
treatment of shareholders and 2 5 The responsibilities of the board
Corporate
key ownership functions
Governance
Institutional investors, stock markets
3 6 Sustainability and resilience
and other intermediaries
Infosys values: C-LIFE
Client Leadership Integrity and Fairness Excellence
value by example transparency
Responsible leadership
Board as a trustee Lead by example by ensuring independence of the Board
and effectiveness of the Management
Safeguard the shareholder’s capital
as trustee, and not as its owner
Legal compliance
Satisfy both the spirit and the letter of
the law in all our actions and disclosures
Effective corporate governance
Integrity and Relationship
&
Build simple and transparent processes transparency with stakeholders
driven by business needs of all stakeholders
Ensure transparency and maintain a high level of integrity
Fairness and excellence
Communicate frequently with stakeholders, including
Be objective and ethical, and deliver the best clients, employees, shareholders and stock markets
to earn trust and respect from our stakeholders
Infosys corporate governance framework
Our corporate governance is reinforced through the Company’s Code of Conduct and Ethics, corporate governance guidelines and
committee charters. Our Board and Management processes, audits and internal control systems reflect the principles of our corporate
governance framework. This report gives a comprehensive overview of how our governance adheres to the seven pillars of our
governance framework.
110 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Board as a trustee
The Board recognizes its primary role of trusteeship of shareholder capital.
As a trustee, it strives to ensure excellence and integrity in setting world-class
corporate governance standards.
Corporate governance guidelines Independent directors
Strong corporate governance is the bedrock of our sustained We abide by the definitions of an independent director, as laid
performance and has helped us gain the trust and respect down under the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the SEBI
of all our stakeholders. The enhancement of these corporate (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
governance standards, through periodic evaluation and change, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”), as amended, along with the
is one of the most important aspects of ensuring value creation definitions laid down in the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)
for our stakeholders. listed company manual, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and US
securities laws by virtue of our listing on the NYSE in the US.
Our corporate governance follows the guidelines established
by the Board of the Company. These guidelines provide a Based on the disclosures received from all independent directors
structure within which directors and the Management can and in the opinion of the Board, the independent directors fulfil
effectively pursue the Company’s objectives for the benefit the conditions specified in the Act, the Listing Regulations, NYSE
of its stakeholders. These are framed in conjunction with the listing manual and are independent of the Management.
Company’s Memorandum & Articles of Association, the charters
of the committees of the Board and applicable laws / regulations Board composition
/ guidelines in force in India, the US and other jurisdictions, as
The Company recognizes and embraces the importance of a
applicable. The guidelines can be accessed on our website, at
diverse Board in its success. We believe that a truly diverse Board
https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/
will leverage differences in thought, perspective, regional and
Documents/corporate-governance-guidelines.pdf.
industry experience, cultural and geographical background,
age, ethnicity, race, gender, knowledge, skills including
Role of the Board of Directors
expertise in financial, global business, leadership, technology,
The primary role of the Board is that of trusteeship – to protect mergers and acquisition, Board service, strategy, sales and
and enhance shareholder value. As trustees, the Board has a marketing, Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG), risk and
fiduciary responsibility to ensure that the Company has clear cybersecurity and other domains, which will ensure that Infosys
goals aligned to shareholder value and its growth. Further, the retains its competitive advantage.
Board is also responsible for:
As on March 31, 2025, the Board comprised of nine members,
• Exercising appropriate control to ensure that the Company consisting of a non-executive and non-independent Chairman,
is managed efficiently to fulfil stakeholders’ aspirations and Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director (CEO & MD), and
societal expectations. seven independent directors.
• Monitoring the effectiveness of the Company’s governance The profile of the Board members encompassing details of
practices and making changes as necessary. nationality, age, date of appointment, (re)appointment, tenure on
• Providing strategic guidance to the Company and ensuring the Board, term-ending date, shareholding, Board memberships
effective monitoring of the Management. in Indian companies, committee details as per Regulation 26
of the Listing Regulations and the details of core expertise /
• Exercising independent judgment on corporate affairs.
competency of each director is provided under Infosys Board
• Assigning a sufficient number of non-executive members of
of Directors section in the Integrated Annual Report. There are
the Board to tasks where there is a potential for conflict of
no inter-se relationships between our Board members. The
interest in the exercise of independent judgment.
Company does not have any pecuniary relationship with any
• Reviewing and guiding corporate strategy, major plans of the non-executive directors. Further, during the year, the
of action, risk policy, annual budgets and business plans, Company has not provided any loans or advances to firms /
setting performance objectives, monitoring implementation companies in which directors are interested.
and corporate performance, and overseeing major capital
expenditures, acquisitions and divestments.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 111
Corporate governance report
The Board has six committees – Audit Committee, Nomination is chosen as the chairperson of the committee. The Company
and Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders Relationship also has a Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee under the Risk
Committee, Risk Management Committee, Corporate Social Management Committee. The Sub-committee comprises only
Responsibility (CSR) Committee and ESG Committee. All independent directors.
committees comprise only independent directors, one of whom
Size and composition of the Board as on March 31, 2025
Average tenure (in years)
77.78% 44.44%
Male directors Foreign national
directors 7.6 Non-executive and non-independent director
22.22% 55.56% 7.2 Executive director
Female directors Indian directors
4.8 The Board
4.1 Independent directors
Non-executive and
non-independent director Executive director
Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh
Tenure of the directors
Independent directors
D. Sundaram Michael Gibbs Bobby Parikh Chitra Nayak
Govind Iyer Helene Auriol Potier Nitin Paranjpe < 2 years 2 - 4 years > 4 years
Board meetings Meeting of independent directors
Scheduling and selection of agenda items for Board For the Board to exercise free and fair judgment in all matters
meetings related to the functioning of the Company as well as the Board,
The tentative dates of Board meetings for the next fiscal it is important for the independent directors to have meetings
are decided in advance and published in the Integrated without the presence of the executive management.
Annual Report. The Chairman and the Company Secretary, Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules thereunder
in consultation with the CEO & MD, and lead independent mandate that the independent directors of the Company
director propose the agenda for each meeting. The agenda, shall hold at least one meeting in a financial year, without the
along with explanatory notes is circulated to the directors in attendance of non-independent directors and members of
advance to facilitate informed deliberation and decision making. the Management. Even before the Companies Act, 2013 came
Every Board member can suggest the inclusion of additional into effect, our Board’s process mandated periodic meetings
items in the agenda. attended exclusively by the independent directors.
The Board meets at least once a quarter to review the quarterly During the year, the independent directors met four times
results and other items on the agenda. Additional meetings without the presence of executive directors and management.
are held when necessary. Independent directors are expected At such meetings, the independent directors discuss, among
to attend at least four quarterly Board meetings and the other matters, the performance of the Company and risks faced
Annual General Meeting (AGM). However, with the Board by it, the flow of information to the Board, competition, strategy,
being represented by independent directors from various leadership strengths and weaknesses, governance, compliance,
parts of the world, it may not be possible for all of them to be Board movements, succession planning, human resources
physically present at all meetings. Hence, we provide video / matters and the performance of the executive members of the
teleconferencing facilities to enable their participation. Board, committees and the Chairman.
The Board members are expected to rigorously prepare, attend
and participate in the Board and applicable committee meetings.
Each member is expected to ensure their other commitments
do not materially interfere with their responsibilities
towards the Company.
112 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Responsible leadership
Leading by example is a key tenet of corporate governance at Infosys.
Both the Board and the Management work together to set the highest
standards of responsible leadership.
Responsibilities of the Board leadership CEO & MD
We believe that an active, well-informed, diversified and The CEO & MD is responsible for executing corporate strategy
independent board is necessary to ensure the highest standards in consultation with the Board, as well as for brand equity,
of corporate governance. At Infosys, the Board is at the core planning, building external contacts and all matters related
of our corporate governance practice. The Board oversees the to the management of the Company. He is responsible for
Management’s functions and protects the long-term interests achieving annual and long-term business targets. The CEO
of our stakeholders. & MD also monitors the external and internal competitive
landscape, and new industry developments and standards,
The responsibilities and authority of the Chairman, the CEO & MD
identifies opportunities for expansion and acquisition, and
and the lead independent director are as follows:
builds relationships with customers and markets to enhance
shareholder value and implement the organization’s vision,
Chairman
mission, and overall direction.
The Company has separated the roles of Chairman and the CEO
The CEO & MD acts as a link between the Board and the
& MD to create a more balanced governance structure. The
Management and is also responsible for leading and evaluating
Chairman leads the Board and is responsible for fostering and
the work of other executive leaders.
promoting the integrity of the Board while nurturing a culture in
which the Board works harmoniously for the long-term benefit
Lead Independent Director
of the Company and all its stakeholders. He presides over all
meetings of the Board and of the shareholders of the Company. The lead independent director was appointed by the Board
to ensure robust independent leadership of the Board. The
The Chairman takes a lead role in managing the Board and
general authority and responsibilities of the lead independent
facilitates effective communication among directors. He is
director are decided by the group of independent directors. The
responsible for overseeing matters pertaining to governance,
lead independent director also performs additional duties as
including the organization, composition and effectiveness
determined by the Board.
of the Board and its committees, and the performance of
individual directors. The lead independent director provides leadership to the
independent directors, liaises on behalf of the independent
The Chairman actively works with the Nomination and
directors and ensures the Board’s effectiveness in maintaining
Remuneration Committee to plan the composition of the
high-quality governance of the organization and effective
Board and Board committees, induct directors to the Board,
functioning of the Board.
plan for director succession, participate effectively in the Board
evaluation process and meet with individual directors to provide
constructive feedback and advice.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 113
Corporate governance report
Key Board qualifications, expertise and attributes
The table below summarizes the key qualifications, skills, and attributes that are taken into consideration while nominating candidates
to serve on the Board.
Leadership of a financial firm or management of the finance function of an enterprise, resulting in
proficiency in complex financial management, capital allocation, and financial reporting processes, or
experience in actively supervising a principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller,
public accountant, auditor or person performing similar functions
Financial
Representation of gender, ethnic, geographic, cultural, or other perspectives that expand the Board’s
understanding of the needs and viewpoints of our customers, partners, employees, governments and
other stakeholders worldwide
Diversity
Experience in driving business success in markets around the world, with an understanding of diverse
business environments, economic conditions, cultures, and regulatory frameworks, and a broad
perspective on global market opportunities
Global business
Extensive leadership experience at a significant enterprise, resulting in a practical understanding
of organizations, processes, strategic planning, and risk management. Demonstrated strengths in
developing talent, planning succession, and driving change and long-term growth
Leadership
Significant background in technology, resulting in knowledge of how to anticipate technological
trends, generate disruptive innovation, and extend or create new business models
Information Technology
A history of leading growth through acquisitions and other business combinations, with the ability
to assess ‘build or buy’ decisions, analyze the fit of a target with the Company’s strategy and culture,
accurately value transactions, and evaluate operational integration plans
Mergers and
Acquisitions
Service on a public company board to develop insights about maintaining board and management
accountability, protecting shareholder interests, and observing appropriate governance practices
Board service and
governance
Experience in developing strategies to grow sales and market share, build brand awareness and equity,
and enhance enterprise reputation
Sales and marketing
Experience in leading the sustainability and ESG visions of organizations, to be able to integrate these
into the strategy of the Company
Sustainability, and
Environmental, Social
and Governance (ESG)
Experience in identifying and evaluating the significant risk exposures to the business strategy of
the Company and assess the Management’s actions to mitigate strategic, legal and compliance, and
operational risk exposures
Risk management
Experience in assessing and managing cybersecurity-related risks and implementing cybersecurity
policies, procedures and strategies
Cybersecurity
The details of core expertise / competency of each director are provided in Infosys Board of Directors section in the Integrated Annual Report.
114 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Selection and appointment of new directors During the year, the following trainings were
organized for the Board:
The Board delegates the screening and selection process to the
Nomination and Remuneration Committee. It presents a diverse Geopolitical impact and preparedness:
slate of recommendations of eligible candidates to the Board for
Board members were given insights on geopolitical variables
their approval as per the criteria laid down in Nomination and
such as foreign trade policy, technical / AI competition,
Remuneration Policy. Subsequently, the Board recommends and
immigration, and international relations, that may impact
places it before the shareholders for their approval.
the business. The Management team also briefed the Board
members on the Company’s preparedness to deal with the
Succession planning
evolving situations.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee works with
Evolving Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) landscape:
the Board on the leadership succession plan to ensure orderly
succession in appointments to the Board and to senior The session emphasized on the aspects of global sustainability
management positions. The Company strives to maintain trends, policies and regulatory environment topics on India: Net
an appropriate balance of skills and experience within the Zero 2070, EU – Climate Neutral 2050, US – Net Zero 2050 and
organization and the Board in an endeavor to introduce new Climate Negotiations – COP29, etc. The session also highlighted
perspectives while maintaining experience and continuity. the underlying focus areas of ESG, the impact through
In addition, promoting senior management within the energy efficiency, e-waste management, carbon footprint
organization fuels the ambitions of the talent force to earn reduction, environmental dependencies, social dependencies,
future leadership roles. and governance dependencies relating to the IT sector and
integrating sustainability into organizational strategy.
Training of Board members
Additionally, the Company continued to provide an online ESG
All new non-executive directors inducted to the Board are training module for the Board covering topics such as global
introduced to our Company culture through orientation sessions. outlook on ESG risks and opportunities, global ESG (reporting)
Executive directors and senior management provide an overview frameworks and regulatory landscape, potential focus areas for
of operations and familiarize the new non-executive directors future, and insights into leading ESG practices.
on matters related to our values and commitments. They are
We also facilitate the continual educational requirements of our
also introduced to the organization structure, services, Group
directors. Each director is entitled to a training fee of US$5,000
structure and subsidiaries, constitution, Board procedures,
per year. Support is provided for independent directors if they
matters reserved for the Board, major risks and risk management
choose to attend educational programs in the areas of Board /
strategy. The details of the familiarization program are also
corporate governance.
available on the Company’s website, at
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/Documents/ During the year, two of the independent directors attended the
training-board-members2025.pdf. National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) Cybersecurity
event. The event, which was held over three days, focused on
Non-executive and independent directors of the Board are
strategies necessary to effectively oversee cybersecurity, protect
familiarized through engagements such as:
sensitive data, and ensure the resilience of businesses in the
Strategy retreat: We organize periodic management strategy face of cyber threats.
retreat with the Board to deliberate on various topics related to
The details of the training programs attended by the Board
strategic planning, progress of ongoing strategic initiatives, risks
members (excluding the NACD event referred above) in fiscal
to strategy execution and the need for new strategic programs
2025 are as follows:
to achieve the Company’s long-term objectives. This provides
the Board members a platform to bring their expertise to various
Name of the director No. of training hours attended
strategic initiatives, while also giving an opportunity for them to
during fiscal 2025
understand detailed aspects of execution and challenges relating
to the specific theme. Nandan M. Nilekani 7.5
Through this process, members of the Board can interact Salil Parekh 7.5
closely with the senior leadership of the Company and get a D. Sundaram 7.5
comprehensive and balanced perspective on the strategic issues
Michael Gibbs 7.5
facing the Company, the competitive differentiation being
pursued by the Company and an overview of the execution plan. Bobby Parikh 7.5
Chitra Nayak 7.5
Govind Iyer 7.5
Helene Auriol Potier 7.5
Nitin Paranjpe 7.5
Total hours 67.5
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 115
Corporate governance report
Effective corporate governance
Our legacy of good corporate governance has translated into trust from all
stakeholders. To maintain this trust, continuous efforts are made to facilitate
effective corporate governance measures such as constitution, governance
and working of Board committees.
Availability of information to Board members and statutory matters are presented to the committees of the
Board and later, with the recommendation of the committees, to
The Board has unrestricted access to all Company-related
the Board for its approval. As a process, information to directors
information, including that of our employees. At Board meetings,
is submitted along with the agenda well in advance of Board
managers and representatives who can provide additional
meetings. Inputs and feedback of Board members are taken
insights into the items being discussed are invited. Information
and considered while preparing the agenda and documents
is provided to the Board members on a continuous basis for their
for the Board meetings. At these meetings, directors can
review, inputs and approval. Strategic and operational plans are
provide their inputs and suggestions on various strategic and
presented to the Board in addition to the quarterly and annual
operational matters.
financial statements. Specific cases of acquisitions, important
managerial decisions, material positive / negative developments
Attendance of directors in the Board meetings held during fiscal 2025
During the year, five Board meetings were held.
Board attendance
No. of Board meeting
Attended 1 2 3 4 5 Held
Name of the director AGM on June during Attended %
April 17-18, July 17-18, July 19, October January
26, 2024 tenure
2024 2024 2024 16-17, 15-16,
2024 2025
Nandan M. Nilekani L 5 4 80
Salil Parekh 5 5 100
D. Sundaram 5 5 100
Michael Gibbs 5 5 100
Bobby Parikh 5 5 100
Chitra Nayak(1) 5 5 100
Govind Iyer 5 5 100
Helene Auriol Potier 5 5 100
Nitin Paranjpe 5 5 100
% Attendance 100 89 100 100 100 100
Present Attended through video call L: Leave of absence
(1) Attended through video call on October 16 and leave of absence on October 17
116 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Governance of Board committees
The Board, in consultation with the Nomination and committees meet four times a year. The recommendations
Remuneration Committee, is responsible for assigning and of the committees are submitted to the Board for approval.
determining the terms of service for committee members. During the year, all recommendations of the committees were
approved by the Board.
The Chairman of the Board, in consultation with the Company
Secretary and the respective committee chairperson, determines The quorum for meetings is the higher of two members or one-
the frequency of the committee meetings. Generally, all third of the total number of members of the committee.
Board committees
Audit Committee
Bobby Parikh
D. Sundaram
Michael Gibbs
Nitin Paranjpe(1)
Environmental, Social and Corporate Social
Governance Committee Responsibility Committee
Chitra Nayak Govind Iyer
Govind Iyer Chitra Nayak
Helene Auriol Potier Michael Gibbs
The Board
Stakeholders Relationship Nomination and
Committee Remuneration Committee
Michael Gibbs D. Sundaram
D. Sundaram Michael Gibbs
Bobby Parikh Govind Iyer
Chitra Nayak Nitin Paranjpe
Risk Management Committee
Cybersecurity Risk
D. Sundaram
Sub-committee
Michael Gibbs
Bobby Parikh Michael Gibbs
Chitra Nayak D. Sundaram
Govind Iyer Govind Iyer
Helene Auriol Potier Chitra Nayak
Nitin Paranjpe
Chairperson
Member
(1) Appointed as member of the Committee effective April 16, 2025
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 117
Corporate governance report
Audit Committee
Bobby Parikh
Chairperson and Financial expert
The Audit Committee (“the Committee”) comprises the following, all of whom are independent directors:
1. Bobby Parikh, Chairperson and Financial expert
2. D. Sundaram, Financial Expert
3. Michael Gibbs
4. Nitin Paranjpe(1)
The Company Secretary acts as the secretary to the Audit Committee.
Objectives of the Committee
Process adopted by the Committee to fulfill its objectives
The primary objective of the Committee is to assist the
Board with oversight of: Ensuring an effective and independent internal audit
function, which works to provide assurance regarding the
1. The accuracy, integrity and transparency of the Company’s
adequacy and efficacy of operation of internal controls and
financial statements with adequate and timely disclosures;
processes intended to safeguard the Company’s assets,
2. Compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;
effective and efficient use of the Company’s resources and,
3. The Company’s independent auditors’ professional
timely and accurate recording of all transactions
qualifications and independence;
4. The performance of the Company’s independent auditors and Meeting the independent auditor at the end of each quarter
internal auditors; and and financial year to discuss key observations relating to the
financial statements for the relevant period
5. Acquisitions and investments made by the Company.
Providing an independent channel of communication for
Audit Committee Charter (“the Charter”) the Chief Compliance Officer, the internal auditor and the
In India, we are listed on the BSE Limited (BSE) and the independent auditor
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE). We are also
Inviting members of the Management and, at its discretion,
listed on New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in the US. In India,
external experts in legal, financial and technical matters, to
Regulation 18 of the Listing Regulations and in the US, the Blue
provide clarifications, advice and guidance
Ribbon Committee set up by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) mandate that listed companies adopt an Providing periodic feedback and reports to the Board
appropriate Charter. The Committee is guided by the Charter,
which has been adopted by the Board and is available on the Reviewing its Charter, structure, processes, membership
Company’s website at periodically, and recommending proposed changes to the
https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/ Board for approval
documents/audit-committee-charter.pdf.
Meeting at least four times in a year and ensuring that the
gap between two meetings does not exceed 120 days
(1) Appointed as member of the Committee effective April 16, 2025
118 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Committee governance and that of the internal and independent statutory auditors. The
Management is responsible for the Company’s internal control
The Committee comprises of four members and fulfills
over financial reporting and the financial reporting process. The
the requirements of:
independent statutory auditors are responsible for performing
• Audit Committee Charter
an independent audit of the Company’s financial statements in
• Section 149 and 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 accordance with the Generally Accepted Auditing Principles and
• Regulation 18 of the Listing Regulations for issuing a report based on the audit.
• NYSE guidelines, as applicable The Committee met seven times during the year, which is more
than the requirement of the Companies Act, 2013 and the
The Committee, to carry out its responsibilities efficiently and
Listing Regulations.
transparently, relies on the Management’s financial expertise
Composition and attendance
100% 4 7 100%
Independence Members Meetings Attendance
Attendance details of the Audit Committee
Audit Committee meeting
Committee meeting details
Held
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 during %
Name of the member Attended
tenure
April 17-18, July 17-18, September October January March March
2024 2024 19-20, 2024 16-17, 2024 15-16, 2025 10-11, 2025 27, 2025
Bobby Parikh 7 7 100
D. Sundaram 7 7 100
Michael Gibbs 7 7 100
Nitin Paranjpe(1) – – – – – – – – – –
% Attendance 100 100 100 100 100 100 100
Present Attended through video call
(1) Appointed as member of the Committee effective April 16, 2025
Audit Committee report for the year ended March 31, 2025
Key highlights of the activities of the Committee during the year Frequency
Reviewed and recommended to the Board, the Company’s financial statements, prepared in accordance with the Indian Q
Accounting Standards (Ind AS) as specified under the Companies Act, 2013, read with the relevant rules thereunder and
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
Held discussions with the independent statutory auditors (without the presence of members of the Management) regarding Q
the Company’s audited financial statements and sought their assessment on the quality and applicability of the accounting
principles, the reasonableness of significant judgments, the independence of the auditors, the internal controls, the integrity
of the Company’s financial reporting process, the adequacy of disclosures in the financial statements and other matters as the
Committee deemed necessary
Evaluated internal financial controls and risk assessment and management systems and reviewed the responsibilities, functions, Q
qualifications, performance and adequacy of internal audit function
Undertook an annual performance evaluation of its own effectiveness A
Reviewed with independent statutory auditors the nature and scope of the audit, audit engagement and internal quality control A
procedures to ascertain adequacy and appropriateness
Reviewed the Management’s discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations A
Besides discussing the overall scope and plan for the internal audit and requirements of SEC, SEBI and other regulatory bodies, the Q
Committee also reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s legal, regulatory and ethics compliance programs.
Reviewed the annual performance assessment of statutory auditors, internal auditors and the secretarial auditors A
Reviewed business plan assessment and value analysis of investment in subsidiaries Q
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 119
Corporate governance report
Key highlights of the activities of the Committee during the year Frequency
Recommended appointment of internal auditors A
Recommended appointment of secretarial auditors P
Reviewed and recommended audit fees, audit-related fees, availing permissible non-audit services by statutory auditors and the P
corresponding non-audit service fees for Board’s approval
Assisted the Board in monitoring the Management’s financial reporting process P
Reviewed the process adopted by the Management for testing impairment of assets including financial assets and goodwill A
Reviewed the significant transactions of the subsidiaries P
Reviewed and approved related party transactions, granted omnibus approvals, noted half-yearly disclosures to the stock P
exchanges and recommended to the Board for approval as and when necessary
Recommended acquisitions, investments, divestment and reviewed the performances of the acquired entities and end-utilization P
of intercorporate loans and advances
Monitored and reviewed internal controls and mechanism to track the compliances and periodical reporting to SEBI under insider Q
trading regulations. Reviewed compliance with the Company’s Code of Conduct and Ethics, reviewed the legal and compliance
updates in addition to the investigations of the whistleblower complaints received during the year
Reviewed and recommended to the Board on various policies as part of annual policy review process A
Noted the disclosures issued by promoters under Regulation 31(4) of SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and A
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011
Frequency A Annually Q Quarterly P Periodically
Key recommendations of the Committee • The appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the internal
auditors of the Company for the year ending March 31, 2026,
Based on its discussion with the Management and the auditors,
to review various operations of the Company
and a review of the representations of the Management and the
report of the auditors, the Committee has recommended the • Makarand M. Joshi & Co., Company Secretaries (Firm
following to the Board: registration no: P2009MH007000), be appointed as secretarial
auditors of the Company to hold office for a term of five
• The Company’s quarterly condensed financial statements,
consecutive years commencing from financial year 2025-
prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting
26 till financial year 2029-30 subject to the approval of
Standards (Ind AS) as specified under the Companies
shareholders as per the Listing regulations read with Section
Act, 2013, read with the relevant rules thereunder and
204 of the Act and Rules thereunder.
the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, be • The Committee will be issuing a letter in line with
accepted by the Board Recommendation No. 9 of the Blue Ribbon Committee
on Audit Committee effectiveness, to be provided in the
• The audited financial statements of Infosys Limited, prepared
financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS in the
in accordance with Ind AS, for the year ended March 31, 2025,
Annual Report on Form 20-F.
be accepted by the Board as a true and fair statement of the
financial status of the Company Relying on its review and the discussions with the Management
• The audited consolidated financial statements of Infosys and the independent statutory auditors, the Committee believes
Limited and its subsidiaries, prepared in accordance with Ind that the Company’s financial statements are fairly presented in
AS, for the year ended March 31, 2025, be accepted by the conformity with Ind AS and IFRS and that there is no significant
Board as a true and fair statement of the financial status of deficiency or material weakness in the Company’s internal
the Group control over financial reporting. In conclusion, the Committee is
satisfied that it has complied with its responsibilities as outlined
• The audited consolidated financial statements of Infosys
in the Charter. The Board has accepted all recommendations
Limited and its subsidiaries, prepared in Indian rupee and
made by the Audit Committee.
US dollars in accordance with IFRS, for the quarter and year
ended March 31, 2025, be accepted by the Board as a true and
fair statement of the financial status of the Group
• The audited consolidated financial statements of Infosys Sd/-
Limited and its subsidiaries, prepared in US dollar in Bengaluru Bobby Parikh
accordance with IFRS, for the year ended March 31, 2025,
April 17, 2025 Chairperson
be accepted by the Board as a true and fair statement of
DIN: 00019437
the financial status of the Group and be included in the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F, to be filed with
the SEC
120 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
D. Sundaram
Chairperson
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“the Committee”) comprises only independent directors. As on March 31, 2025, the
Committee comprised:
1. D. Sundaram, Chairperson 3. Govind Iyer
2. Michael Gibbs 4. Nitin Paranjpe
Objectives of the Committee Committee governance
The main objectives and responsibilities of the Committee are to: The Committee comprises of four members and fulfills
1. Assist the Board in discharging its responsibilities relating to the requirements of:
remuneration of the Company’s Directors, Key Managerial • Nomination and Remuneration Committee Charter
Personnel (KMP) and senior management • Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013
2. Evaluate and approve the adequacy of the remuneration
• Regulation 19 of the Listing Regulations
plans, policies, programs and succession plans for the
• NYSE guidelines, as applicable
Company’s Directors, KMP and senior management (including
identifying persons to be appointed to positions of KMP and The Committee oversees key processes by which the Company
senior management in accordance with identified criteria and recruits new members to its Board, and the processes by which
to recommend to the Board their appointment and removal); the Company recruits, motivates and retains outstanding senior
3. Formulate the criteria for determining qualifications, positive management as well as the Company’s overall approach to
attributes and independence of a director, and performance human resources management.
evaluation of directors on the Board
4. Administration of equity-based plans / schemes approved by Committee Policy and Charter
the shareholders The Committee Charter and Policy are
5. Oversee the Company’s nomination process for KMP available on our website, at:
and senior management and identify, screen and review
Charter: https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-
individuals qualified to serve as directors, KMP and senior
governance/documents/nomination-remuneration-
management consistent with criteria approved by the Board
committee-charter.pdf
6. Recommend the appointment and removal of directors, for
approval at the annual meeting of shareholders Policy: https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-
governance/documents/nomination-remuneration-policy.pdf
7. Carry out evaluation of the performance of the Board and
review the evaluation’s implementation and compliance The Nomination and Remuneration Committee met four
8. Leadership development times during fiscal 2025.
9. Develop and maintain corporate governance policies
applicable to the Company
10. Devise a policy on Board diversity
Composition and attendance
100% 4 4 100%
Independence Members Meetings Attendance
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 121
Corporate governance report
Attendance details of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Nomination and Remuneration Committee meeting
Committee meeting details
Held during
Attended %
Name of the member 1 2 3 4 tenure
April 17-18, 2024 July 17, 2024 October 16, 2024 January 15, 2025
D. Sundaram 4 4 100
Michael Gibbs 4 4 100
Govind Iyer 4 4 100
Nitin Paranjpe 4 4 100
% Attendance 100 100 100 100
Present Attended through video call
Nomination and Remuneration Committee report for the year ended March 31, 2025
Key highlights of the activities of the Committee during the year Frequency
Made regular reports to the Board regarding its actions and made recommendations to the Board as appropriate Q
Recommended the appointment of Egon Zehnder, a leadership advisory firm on board matters, to assist in evaluating the A
members of the Board, its committees, and the Board as a whole. Accordingly, the exercise was completed during fiscal 2025.
Undertook a review of the succession plans for key leadership positions, and helped to shape and monitor the development P
plans of key leadership personnel
Reviewed and recommended to the Board the amendments to the Nomination and Remuneration Policy and the Charter A
Placed a substantial focus on improving the overall diversity of the workforce and enhancing employee engagement through P
real-time feedback from employees
Approved and granted stock incentives to eligible employees of the Company and subsidiaries during the year under the 2015 P
Stock Incentive Compensation Plan and the Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Program 2019.
Undertook an annual performance evaluation of its own effectiveness A
Recommended revision in the compensation of the senior management personnel for the approval of the Board P
Reviewed various initiatives undertaken by the Company to ensure the safety, security and well-being of employees, as well as Q
their overall development through learning programs and on-the-job training
Frequency A Annually Q Quarterly P Periodically
Sd/-
Bengaluru D. Sundaram
April 16, 2025 Chairperson
DIN: 00016304
122 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Govind Iyer
Chairperson
The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (“the Committee”) comprises only independent directors. As on March 31, 2025, the
Committee comprised:
1. Govind Iyer, Chairperson
2. Chitra Nayak
3. Michael Gibbs
Our CSR philosophy 8. Reviewing the impact assessment reports issued by the
independent agency on the Company’s projects
We focus on our social and environmental responsibilities
to fulfil the needs and expectations of the communities 9. Reviewing CSR reporting / disclosures as may be required
around us. Our Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) is under various statutes
not limited to philanthropy, but encompasses holistic 10. Reviewing certificates issued for utilization of CSR funds
community development, institution-building and earmarked for specific themes / projects
sustainability-related initiatives.
Committee governance
Objectives and responsibilities of the Committee
The Committee comprises three independent directors and
The primary objective of the Committee is to assist the Board in fulfills the requirements of:
fulfilling its corporate social responsibility. The Committee has
• Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013
overall responsibility for:
• CSR Committee Charter
1. Identifying the areas of CSR activities
2. Recommending the amount of expenditure to be incurred on The CSR Committee is responsible for identifying the areas of CSR
the identified CSR activities activities, programs and execution of initiatives as per defined
3. Evaluating CSR proposals received from the Company guidelines and for overseeing the activities / functioning of
Infosys Foundation, Infosys Foundation USA and other initiatives
4. Implementing and monitoring the CSR Policy from time to
undertaken by the Company, including in Australia and various
time
part of Europe. The Foundations report to the Committee the
5. Formulating a CSR annual action plan and recommending it to
progress of deployed initiatives and guide in making appropriate
the Board
disclosures on a periodic basis.
6. Reviewing the Company’s initiatives and programs
The CSR Committee met four times during fiscal 2025.
7. Coordinating with Infosys Foundation or agency(ies) such
as registered trusts, societies, or Section 8 companies in
implementing programs and executing initiatives as per the
CSR Policy of the Company
Composition and attendance
100% 3 4 100%
Independence Members Meetings Attendance
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 123
Corporate governance report
Attendance details of the CSR Committee
CSR Committee meeting
Committee meeting details Held
during Attended %
Name of the member 1 2 3 4
tenure
April 10, 2024 July 9, 2024 October 11, 2024 January 14, 2025
Govind Iyer 4 4 100
Chitra Nayak 4 4 100
Michael Gibbs 4 4 100
% Attendance 100 100 100 100
Present Attended through video call
Committee Policy and Charter CSR report
The Committee, with the approval of the Board, has The CSR report, as required under the Companies Act, 2013,
adopted the CSR Policy as required under Section 135 of the for the year ended March 31, 2025, is attached as Annexure 6
Companies Act, 2013. The Committee Charter and Policy are to the Board’s report.
available on our website, at:
The Committee, on a periodic basis, reviewed and approved the
Charter: https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate- budget and disbursement of funds. The Committee ensures to
governance/documents/corporate-social-responsibility- allocate at least 2% of the average net profits of the Company
committee-charter.pdf made during the three immediately preceding financial years
for CSR activities in India during the year. Accordingly, during
Policy: https://www.infosys.com/investors/
fiscal 2025, the Company spent `523.70 crore on various projects.
corporate-governance/documents/corporate-social-
The unspent balance of `16.15 crore is towards various ongoing
responsibility-policy.pdf
projects and will be transferred to the unspent CSR account
and spent in accordance with the Companies (Corporate Social
Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amendments thereunder.
In addition to the `523.70 crore spent in fiscal 2025, the Company
also spent `46.26 crore on account of ongoing projects of fiscals
2022, 2023 and 2024. The CSR amount spent in the US, Australia,
and various parts of Europe, is over and above the statutory
requirement in India. During fiscal 2025, the aggregate amount
spent outside India was `40 crore.
Sd/-
Mumbai Govind Iyer
Chairperson
April 10, 2025
DIN: 00169343
124 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
ESG Committee
Chitra Nayak
Chairperson
The ESG Committee (“the Committee”) was constituted with effect from April 14, 2021. Infosys is one of the first Indian companies to
have a voluntary independent Board-level ESG Committee to oversee the Company’s ESG priorities. The Committee comprises only
independent directors. As on March 31, 2025, the Committee comprised:
1. Chitra Nayak, Chairperson
2. Govind Iyer
3. Helene Auriol Potier
Objectives and responsibilities of the Committee Committee governance
1. Guide the creation of the ESG vision and ambitions of the The main responsibility of the ESG Committee is to guide the
Company and continuously review updates and progress on ESG journey of the Company embarked from 2011. The ESG
the ESG vision and goals, thereon. Committee Charter can be accessed at https://www.infosys.com/
2. Review the ESG Operations Council and its working. The investors/corporate-governance/documents/environment-social-
Committee may form and delegate authority to sub- governance-committee-charter.pdf
committees as and when appropriate.
The Company’s ESG Vision 2030 and ESG report
3. Ensure that the Company is taking appropriate measures to 2025 can be accessed at
undertake and implement actions to further its ESG vision and
https://www.infosys.com/content/dam/infosys-web/en/about/
ambitions.
corporate-responsibility/esg-vision-2030/index.html
4. Review statutory requirements for sustainability reporting,
e.g. Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (BRSR) https://www.infosys.com/sustainability/documents/infosys-
and guide Infosys’ leadership on global ESG assessments. esg-report-2024-25.pdf
5. Obtain advice and assistance from internal or external experts,
The ESG Committee met four times during fiscal 2025.
advisors.
6. Review and reassess the adequacy of the ESG Committee
Charter periodically and recommend any proposed changes
to the Board for approval.
Composition and attendance
100% 3 4 100%
Independence Members Meetings Attendance
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 125
Corporate governance report
Attendance details of the ESG Committee
ESG Committee meeting
Committee meeting details Held
during Attended %
Name of the member 1 2 3 4
tenure
April 10, 2024 July 11, 2024 October 11, 2024 January 14, 2025
Chitra Nayak 4 4 100
Govind Iyer 4 4 100
Helene Auriol Potier 4 4 100
% Attendance 100 100 100 100
Present Attended through video call
ESG Committee report for the year ended March 31, 2025
Key highlights of the activities of the Committee during the year Frequency
Made regular reports to the Board regarding its actions and made recommendations to the Board as appropriate Q
Reviewed the ESG Operations Council and its working Q
Reviewed and took note of the progress of ESG ambitions 2030 and responsible supply chain program P
Reviewed client engagements on climate actions and sustainability through the Company’s sustainability offerings and solutions P
Reviewed required compliance with climate change regulations across various jurisdictions, applicable to the Company A
Reviewed the Company’s position with respect to global ESG assessments and provided directions to address gaps Q
Monitored the Company’s actions on diversity, equity and inclusion P
Frequency A Annually Q Quarterly P Periodically
Sd/-
Bengaluru Chitra Nayak
Chairperson
April 15, 2025
DIN: 09101763
126 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Risk Management Committee
D. Sundaram
Chairperson
The Risk Management Committee (“the Committee”) comprises only independent directors. As on March 31, 2025, the
Committee comprised:
1. D. Sundaram, Chairperson 5. Govind Iyer
2. Michael Gibbs 6. Helene Auriol Potier
3. Bobby Parikh 7. Nitin Paranjpe
4. Chitra Nayak
Objectives and responsibilities of the Committee
The primary objectives of the Committee are: 8. To review and reassess the adequacy of the Risk Management
Committee Charter periodically and recommend any
1. To assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities
proposed changes to the Board for approval
with regard to the identification, evaluation and mitigation of
9. To ensure access to any internal information necessary to
strategic, operational, and external environment risks
fulfil its oversight role and obtain advice and assistance from
2. To monitor and approve the enterprise risk management
internal or external legal, accounting or other advisors
framework and associated practices of the Company
10. To appoint, remove and approve terms of remuneration of the
3. To periodically assess risks to the effective execution of
Chief Risk Officer
business strategy and review key leading indicators in this
regard
Committee governance
4. To periodically review the risk management processes and
practices of the Company and ensure that the Company is The Committee comprises only independent directors and fulfills
taking the appropriate measures to achieve prudent balance the requirements of:
between risk and reward in both ongoing and new business • Risk Management Committee Charter
activities • Regulation 21 of the Listing Regulations
5. To evaluate significant risk exposures of the Company and
• NYSE guidelines, as applicable
assess the Management’s actions to mitigate the exposures in
a timely manner Committee Charter
6. To evaluate risks related to cybersecurity and ensure The Risk Management Committee Charter is available on the
appropriate procedures are in place to mitigate these risks in a Company’s website, at
timely manner
https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/
7. To coordinate its activities with the Audit Committee in
documents/risk-management-committee-charter.pdf.
instances where there is any overlap with audit activities
The Committee met four times during fiscal 2025.
Composition and attendance
100% 7 4 100%
Independence Members Meetings Attendance
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 127
Corporate governance report
Attendance details of the Risk Management Committee
Risk Management Committee meeting
Committee meeting details Held
during Attended %
Name of the member 1 2 3 4
tenure
April 9, 2024 July 11, 2024 October 10, 2024 January 14, 2025
D. Sundaram 4 4 100
Michael Gibbs 4 4 100
Bobby Parikh 4 4 100
Chitra Nayak 4 4 100
Govind Iyer 4 4 100
Helene Auriol Potier 4 4 100
Nitin Paranjpe 4 4 100
% Attendance 100 100 100 100
Present Attended through video call
Risk Management Committee report for the year ended March 31, 2025
Key highlights of the activities of the Committee during the year Frequency
Reviewed the risks arising due to evolving macro‐economic and geopolitical scenarios in the markets we operate in P
Reviewed risks, opportunities and mitigation actions to reputation, competitive landscape, gen AI, currency movements, global P
capability centers and regulatory environment
Reviewed and reassessed the adequacy of the Committee’s charter and recommended any proposed changes to the Board for A
approval
Reviewed service delivery risks and mitigations in critical client engagements P
Reviewed client credit risk Q
Reviewed the risks to the achievement of ESG goals A
Reviewed the cybersecurity-related risks, mitigations and oversight of the Cybersecurity Risk Sub‐committee Q
Reviewed the Company’s information security and data privacy policies, incident policy, related system controls, GDPR and P
similar regulatory requirements, risks and progress of mitigation actions
Submitted regular reports and recommendations to the Board with respect to risk management and mitigation procedures Q
Undertook an annual performance evaluation of its own effectiveness A
Frequency A Annually Q Quarterly P Periodically
Sd/-
Bengaluru D. Sundaram
Chairperson
April 9, 2025
DIN: 00016304
128 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee
Michael Gibbs
Chairperson and Cybersecurity expert
The Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee (“the Sub-committee”) comprises only independent directors. As on March 31, 2025, the Sub-
committee comprised:
1. Michael Gibbs, Chairperson and Cybersecurity expert
2. D. Sundaram
3. Govind Iyer
4. Chitra Nayak
Committee governance cybersecurity-related risks and the preparedness of the Company
to mitigate and react to such risks. The Sub-committee meets
The Risk Management Committee constituted a Cybersecurity
periodically and recommends its findings, if any, to the Risk
Risk Sub-committee in April 2019. This Sub-committee was
Management Committee.
voluntarily constituted to focus on cybersecurity-related
threats. The objective of the Sub-committee is to assess The Sub-committee met four times during fiscal 2025.
Composition and attendance
100% 4 4 100%
Independence Members Meetings Attendance
Attendance details of the Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee
Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee meeting
Committee meeting details Held
during Attended %
Name of the member 1 2 3 4
tenure
April 8, 2024 July 10, 2024 October 10, 2024 January 14, 2025
Michael Gibbs 4 4 100
D. Sundaram 4 4 100
Govind Iyer 4 4 100
Chitra Nayak 4 4 100
% Attendance 100 100 100 100
Present Attended through video call
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 129
Corporate governance report
Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee report for the year ended March 31, 2025
Key highlights of the activities of the Committee during the year Frequency
Reviewed the security awareness initiatives, including targeted phishing mails, cybersecurity week, bootcamps, etc., along with P
consequence management for violations
Reviewed the progress of tech stack modernization and deployment, cloud security governance, subsidiary landscape, AI and P
quantum computing
Reviewed the external threat landscape and environment, vulnerability management, incident metrics, global ransomware P
attacks, and Infosys’ preparedness, including crisis management and scenario analysis
Reviewed the details of cybersecurity incidents and the progress of mitigation actions P
Frequency A Annually Q Quarterly P Periodically
Sd/-
Dallas Michael Gibbs
Chairperson
April 9, 2025
DIN: 08177291
130 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Michael Gibbs
Chairperson
The Stakeholders Relationship Committee (“the Committee”) comprises only independent directors. As on March 31, 2025, the
Committee comprised:
1. Michael Gibbs, Chairperson
2. D. Sundaram
3. Bobby Parikh
4. Chitra Nayak
The Board has appointed A.G.S. Manikantha, Company Secretary, as the Compliance Officer, as required under the Listing
Regulations and the Nodal Officer to ensure compliance with the IEPF rules.
Purpose of the Committee Committee governance
The purpose of the Committee is to assist the Board and The Committee comprises four independent directors and
the Company to oversee the various aspects of interests of performs the functions as required by:
stakeholders of the Company. The term ‘stakeholder’ includes
• Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules framed
shareholders and other security holders.
thereunder
• Regulation 20 of the Listing Regulations and other
Objectives and responsibilities of the Committee
regulations and laws, as applicable
The primary objectives of the Committee are to: • NYSE guidelines, as applicable
• Stakeholders Relationship Committee Charter
1. Consider and resolve the security holders’ concerns or
complaints
2. Monitor and review the investor service standards of the Committee Charter
Company
The Stakeholders Relationship Committee Charter is available
3. Take steps to develop an understanding of the views of
on the Company’s website, at https://www.infosys.com/
shareholders about the Company, either through direct
investors/corporate-governance/documents/stakeholders-
face-to-face interaction, analysts’ briefings or survey of
relationship-committee.pdf.
shareholders
4. Oversee and review the engagement and communication
plan with shareholders and ensure that the views and
concerns of the shareholders are highlighted to the Board at
the appropriate time and that steps are taken to address such
concerns
Composition and attendance
100% 4 4 100%
Independence Members Meetings Attendance
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 131
Corporate governance report
Attendance details of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Stakeholders Relationship Committee meeting
Committee meeting details Held
during Attended %
Name of the member 1 2 3 4
tenure
April 8, 2024 July 10, 2024 October 11, 2024 January 14, 2025
Michael Gibbs 4 4 100
D. Sundaram 4 4 100
Bobby Parikh 4 4 100
Chitra Nayak 4 4 100
% Attendance 100 100 100 100
Present Attended through video call
Complaints received and resolved during the year ended March 31, 2025
2024 2025
819 228
819 227
Received Resolved
Stakeholders Relationship Committee report for the year ended March 31, 2025
Key highlights of the activities of the Committee during the year Frequency
Monitored and reviewed the Company’s performance in dealing with stakeholder grievances A
Reviewed various measures and initiatives taken for reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends and timely receipt of P
dividend warrants / annual reports / notices by the shareholders of the Company
Reviewed the unclaimed dividend and equity shares transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) pursuant to P
the IEPF Rules
Reviewed the annual audit report submitted by the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent’s (RTA) independent auditors on the annual A
internal audit conducted on the RTA operations as mandated by SEBI
Reviewed the measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders A
Reviewed the adherence to service standards and security assessments adopted in respect of various services being rendered by P
the RTA
Undertook an annual performance evaluation of its own effectiveness A
Reviewed the Management’s investor / analyst interactions Q
Reviewed the key investor relations updates Q
Noted the investor awareness sessions conducted for employees by the Company in collaboration with National Stock Exchange P
and SEBI
Reviewed and recommended to the Board the amendments to the Code on Fair Disclosure and Investor Relations, Dividend P
Distribution Policy and Committee Charter
Frequency A Annually Q Quarterly P Periodically
Sd/-
Bengaluru Michael Gibbs
Chairperson
April 15, 2025
DIN: 08177291
132 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Fairness and excellence
Two of the core values of our C-LIFE, fairness and excellence are evident
in the workings of the Board, its evaluation and the compensation paid to
the directors and the executive leadership.
Board member evaluation Board and executive leadership compensation
One of the key functions of the Board is to monitor and review Executive leadership compensation
the Board evaluation framework. The Board works with the Our executive compensation programs encourage reward
Nomination and Remuneration Committee to lay down the for performance. A significant portion of the executives’
evaluation criteria for the performance of the Chairman, the total rewards is tied to the delivery of long-term corporate
Board, Board committees, and executive / non-executive / performance goals to align with the interests of the shareholders.
independent directors through peer evaluation, excluding the
director being evaluated. As required under the Listing Regulations, the Nomination
and Remuneration Committee recommends to the Board the
Independent directors have three key roles – governance, control payment of remuneration to the directors, KMP, and senior
and guidance. Some performance indicators, based on which the management. The Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the
independent directors are evaluated, include: Company is available on our website, at
• The ability to contribute to and monitor our corporate https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/
governance practices documents/nomination-remuneration-policy.pdf.
• The ability to contribute by introducing international best
practices to address business challenges and risks Non-executive and non-independent chairman’s
compensation
• Active participation in long-term strategic planning
Nandan M. Nilekani, Chairman, voluntarily chose not to receive
• Commitment to the fulfilment of a director’s obligations and
any remuneration for his services rendered to the Company.
fiduciary responsibilities; these include participation in Board
and committee meetings.
Independent directors’ compensation
To improve the effectiveness of the Board and its committees, The compensation payable to the independent directors is
as well as that of each individual director, a formal and rigorous limited to a fixed amount per year as determined and approved
Board review is undertaken on an annual basis. by the Board, the sum of which does not exceed 1% of net profit
for the year, calculated as per the provisions of the Companies
The Board had engaged Egon Zehnder, a leadership advisory
Act, 2013. The Board reviews the performance of independent
firm on board matters, to conduct the Board evaluation for fiscal
directors on an annual basis.
2025. The evaluation process focused on Board dynamics, softer
aspects, committee effectiveness and information flow to the The Board, while deciding the basis for determining the
Board or its committees, among other matters. The methodology compensation of the independent directors, takes various things
included various techniques such as questionnaires, one-on- into consideration. These include global board compensation
one discussions, etc. The aspects of succession planning and benchmarking, participation of individual directors in Board and
committee composition were also considered. The Board committee meetings, other responsibilities, such as membership
evaluation process was completed during fiscal 2025. During or chairmanship of committees, time spent in carrying out other
the year, the recommendations of the previous year’s Board duties, roles and functions as prescribed in Schedule IV of the
evaluation were discussed with the Board and individual Companies Act, 2013, Listing Regulations and such other factors
feedback was provided. Progress on recommendations from last as the Board deems fit.
year and the current year’s recommendations were discussed.
Shareholders at the 34th AGM held on June 22, 2015 approved
Further, the evaluation process was based on the affirmation a sum not exceeding 1% of the net profit of the Company per
received from the independent directors that they met the annum, calculated in accordance with the provisions of Section
independence criteria as required under the Companies Act 2013, 198 of the Companies Act, 2013, to be paid and distributed
the Listing Regulations and the NYSE listing manual. among some or all of the non-executive directors of the
Company in a manner decided by the Board. This payment will
be made with respect to the profits of the Company for each year.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 133
Corporate governance report
The amount payable to the independent directors for the year non-executive directors received remuneration amounting to
ended March 31, 2025 is `17.68 crore. Additionally, independent 50% of the total remuneration paid to non-executive directors
directors are also reimbursed for expenses incurred in the during the year ended March 31, 2025.
performance of their official duties. We confirm that none of the
The aggregate amount of remuneration (commission) was arrived at using the following criteria:
Particulars in ` crore in US$
Fixed Board fee 1.28 150,000
Board / committee attendance fee(1) 0.21 25,000
Non-executive chairman fee 2.56 300,000
Chairperson – Audit Committee 0.43 50,000
Members – Audit Committee 0.26 30,000
Chairperson – other committees 0.26 30,000
Members – other committees 0.17 20,000
Travel fee (per meeting)(2) 0.09 10,000
Incidental fees (per meeting)(3) 0.01 1,000
Lead Independent Director 0.26 30,000
Notes: 1 US$ = `85.48 as on March 31, 2025
The payment is subject to deduction of tax at source (TDS) as required by applicable tax laws.
(1) The Company normally has five regular Board meetings in a year. Independent directors are expected to attend at least four quarterly Board meetings and
the AGM.
(2) For directors based overseas, the travel fee shown is per Board meeting. This is based on the fact that additional travel time of two days will have to be
accommodated for independent directors to attend Board meetings in India.
(3) For directors based overseas, incidental fees shown is per Board meeting. This fee is paid to independent directors for expenses incurred during their travel to
attend Board meetings in India.
The Board believes that the above compensation structure is commensurate with global best practices in terms of remunerating non-
executive / independent directors of a company of similar size, and adequately compensates for the time and contribution made by our
non-executive / independent directors.
Indemnification agreements Materially significant related party transactions
We have also entered into agreements to indemnify our directors There have been no materially significant related party
and officers for claims brought against them to the fullest extent transactions that may have potential conflict with the interests
permitted under applicable law. These agreements, among other of the listed entity at large as provided in the Related Party
things, indemnify our directors and officers for certain expenses, Transactions Policy, which is available on our website, at
judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any such https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/
person in any action or proceedings, including any action by or Documents/related-party-transaction-policy.pdf.
in the right of the Company, arising out of such persons’ services
During the year, the Company has obtained shareholders’
as our director or officer, expenses in relation to public relations
approval for material related party transactions in accordance
consultation, if required.
with Regulation 23 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The details of these
Agreements binding listed entities
transactions are available at
Pursuant to Regulation 30A of the Listing Regulations, no https://www.bseindia.com/xml-data/corpfiling/AttachHis/
agreement has been entered or executed by the shareholders, e0a622f0-71e9-4868-836f-ec073491004e.pdf.
promoters, promoter group entities, related parties, directors,
key managerial personnel and employees of the Company and its
subsidiaries during fiscal 2025.
134 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Remuneration to directors in fiscal 2025
(in ` crore)
Name of the director Fixed salary Bonus / Perquisites Commission Total
incentives / on account of
Base Retiral Total fixed variable pay stock options
salary benefits salary exercised(1)*
(A) (B) (A+B)
Non-executive and non-independent director
Nandan M. Nilekani(2) – – – – – – –
Executive director
Salil Parekh(3) 7.45 0.49 7.94 23.18 49.50 – 80.62
Independent directors
D. Sundaram – – – – – 2.86 2.86
Michael Gibbs – – – – – 3.16 3.16
Bobby Parikh – – – – – 2.27 2.27
Chitra Nayak – – – – – 2.81 2.81
Govind Iyer – – – – – 2.44 2.44
Helene Auriol Potier – – – – – 2.21 2.21
Nitin Paranjpe – – – – – 1.93 1.93
Notes: The details in the above table are on accrual basis.
(1) In accordance with the definition of perquisites under the Income-tax Act, 1961, the remuneration includes the value of stock incentives only on those
shares that have been exercised during the period. Accordingly, the value of stock incentives granted during the period is not included. The number of stock
incentives granted in fiscal 2025 is mentioned in the notes below. Independent directors are not entitled to any stock incentives.
(2) Nandan M. Nilekani voluntarily chose not to receive any remuneration for his services rendered to the Company.
(3) a) Perquisites value of stock incentives on account of exercise of 3,06,276 Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) under the 2015 Plan and 39,141 RSUs under the 2019
Plan during fiscal 2025
b) On the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and as approved by the shareholders, in accordance with the terms of his
employment agreement effective July 1, 2022, the Board approved
i) the grant of 2,45,679 performance-based RSUs under the 2015 Plan effective May 2, 2024. These will vest based on the achievement of certain performance
targets.
ii) the grant of 14,140 performance-based RSUs under the 2015 Plan effective May 2, 2024. These will vest based on the achievement of certain environment,
social and governance milestones as determined by the Board.
iii) the grant of 35,349 performance-based RSUs under the 2015 Plan effective May 2, 2024. These will vest based on the achievement of the Company’s
performance on cumulative relative TSR over the years and as determined by the Board.
iv) the grant of 16,204 annual time-based RSUs for fiscal 2025 under the 2015 Plan effective February 1, 2025. These will vest over a period of three years.
v) the grant of 70,699 performance-based RSUs for fiscal 2025 under the 2019 Plan effective May 2, 2024. These will vest based on the Company’s
achievement of certain performance criteria as laid out in the 2019 Plan.
These RSUs will vest in line with the employment agreement.
* The RSUs were issued at par value.
In accordance with the Listing Regulations, no employee, including key managerial personnel or senior management or director
or promoter of a listed entity, shall enter into any agreement for himself or on behalf of any other person, with any shareholder or
any other third party with regard to compensation or profit-sharing in connection with dealings in the securities of the Company,
without prior approval from the Board as well as from shareholders by way of an ordinary resolution. No such instances were
reported during fiscal 2025.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 135
Corporate governance report
Employment agreements with executive director
Name of the director Effective date of Details of shareholders’ approval Website links
executive employment on the agreements
agreement
Salil Parekh, Chief Executive January 2, 2018 (initial The shareholders approved the Employment agreement including
Officer and Managing Director appointment) and July 1, initial appointment and key terms key terms:
2022 (reappointment) of the agreement vide postal https://www.infosys.com/investors/
ballot concluded on February 20, reports-filings/documents/
2018 and amended the terms of ceo-executive-employment-
remuneration as per the resolution agreement2022.pdf
passed at the AGM dated June 22, and
2019. Further, the shareholders https://www.infosys.com/investors/
approved the reappointment reports-filings/Documents/
of Salil Parekh including revised CEO-executive-employment-
remuneration payable to him at agreement2018.pdf
the 41st AGM held on June 25, 2022. AGM notice:
https://www.infosys.com/investors/
reports-filings/documents/agm-
notice2019.pdf
and
https://www.infosys.com/investors/
reports-filings/documents/agm-
notice2022.pdf
Details of total fees paid to statutory auditors (in ` crore)
The details of total fees for all services paid by the Company and Type of service Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to the statutory auditor
Audit fees (1) 29 25
and all entities in the network firm / network entity of which the
statutory auditor is a part, are as follows: Tax fees 2 2
Others 1 2
Total 32 29
(1) Includes audit and audit-related services
Particulars of senior management
The particulars of senior management as per Regulation 16(1) (d) of the Listing Regulations including the changes during the fiscal
2025 are as follows:
Name Designation Name Designation
Anand Swaminathan Segment Head – Communication, Kannan Amaresh Industry Head – Insurance
Media and Technology
Karmesh Gul Vaswani Segment Head –
Arun Kumar H.R. Head – Business Strategy, CPG, Logistics & Retail
Planning and Operations
Satish H.C. Chief Delivery Officer
Ashiss Kumar Dash Segment Head – Energy, Utilities,
Shaji Mathew Chief Human Resources Officer
Resources and Services
Sumit Virmani Chief Marketing Officer
Dennis Kantilal Gada Segment Head – Banking and
Financial Services Subhro Mallik Industry Head – Life Sciences
Dinesh R. Chief Delivery Officer Venkateshwaran Ananthakrishnan Industry Head – Healthcare
Inderpreet Sawhney Chief Legal Officer and Changes during fiscal 2025
Chief Compliance Officer
Senior management personnel Effective date
Jasmeet Singh Segment Head – Manufacturing
Resignations
Jayesh Sanghrajka Chief Financial Officer
Hemant Lamba September 30, 2024
Manikantha A.G.S. Company Secretary
136 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Integrity and transparency & Relationship with stakeholders
Our Company upholds integrity and transparency in all transactions and
communications with stakeholders. Our stakeholders are our partners in our journey
to sustained value creation and therefore, our relationship with stakeholders and
clear communication with them is at the center of all disclosures and reports.
Corporate
Infosys was incorporated in Pune, in 1981, as Infosys Consultants The share data mentioned before is unadjusted for stock split
Private Limited, a private limited company under the Companies and bonus shares. In July 2003, June 2005 and November
Act, 1956. In 1983, the corporate headquarters were relocated 2006, we issued secondary-sponsored American Depositary
to Bengaluru. The name of the Company was changed to Receipts (ADRs) of US$294 million, US$1.1 billion and US$1.6
Infosys Technologies Private Limited in April 1992 and to Infosys billion, respectively.
Technologies Limited in June 1992, when the Company became a
During fiscal 2012, the name of the Company was changed
public limited company. We made an Initial Public Offering (IPO)
from Infosys Technologies Limited to Infosys Limited to mark
in February 1993 and were listed on stock exchanges in India in
the transition from being a technology services provider to a
June 1993. Trading opened at ₹145 per share, compared to the
business transformation partner to our clients.
IPO price of ₹95 per share. In October 1994, we made a private
placement of 5,50,000 shares at ₹450 each to Foreign Institutional During fiscal 2013, we delisted our ADSs from NASDAQ, and listed
Investors (FIIs), Financial Institutions (FIs) and body corporates. them in the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), Euronext London
and Euronext Paris. During fiscal 2019, the Company voluntarily
On March 11, 1999, Infosys listed on NASDAQ, becoming the
delisted from Euronext London and Paris due to low trading
first Indian company to do so. We issued 20,70,000 American
volume. Infosys equity shares and ADSs are listed on NSE and BSE
Depositary Shares (ADSs) (equivalent to 10,35,000 equity shares
in India and in NYSE, respectively, under the symbol “INFY”.
of par value ₹10 each) at US$34 per ADS under the ADS Program,
and these ADSs were listed on the NASDAQ National Market.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 137
138 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
serahs
fo
.oN
Corporate governance report
Bonus issues and stock split
18,000
16,384
16,000
14,000
12,000
10,000
8,192
8,000
6,000
4,096
4,000
2,048
2,000 1,024
1 2 4 8 16 32 64 128
Prior to
1986 1989 1991 1992 1994 1997 1999 2000 2005 2007 2015 2016 2019
Stock
Bonus Bonus Bonus Bonus Bonus Bonus Bonus Bonus Bonus Bonus Bonus Bonus
Split
1:1 1:1 1:1 1:1 1:1 1:1 1:1 2:1 3:1 1:1 1:1 1:1 1:1
Corporate action
Note:
The above graph depicts the increase in the number of Infosys shares as a result of the Company’s bonus issues over the years and a stock split in 2000 in the ratio
of 2:1. For example, if the investor / shareholder held one share in 1986 prior to the bonus issue and continued to hold it, he would have 16,384 shares today owing
to the bonus share issues and stock split.
Dividend for fiscal 2025
Total Dividend
Dividend cycle Final 2024-25
Dividend cycle Interim 2024-25
`21.00 `43.00 Record date May 30, 2025 `22.00
Record date Oct 29, 2024
Payout date June 30, 2025
Payout date Nov 08, 2024
Unclaimed dividend
Members wishing to claim dividends that remain unclaimed are requested to correspond with the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent (RTA),
KFin Technologies Limited, Unit: Infosys Limited, Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally Mandal,
Hyderabad-500 032 and e-mail at einward.ris@kfintech.com., or with the Company Secretary, at the Company’s registered office or at
investors@infosys.com. Members are requested to note that dividends that are not claimed within seven years from the date of transfer
to the Company’s Unpaid Dividend Account, will be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) as per Section 124
of the Act, read with the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 (“the
Rules”), as amended.
Further, the Rules mandate that the shares on which dividend has not been claimed / encashed for seven consecutive years or more
be transferred to the IEPF. Additionally the company has not transferred or hold any Equity shares in the Demat suspense account or
unclaimed suspense account.
The following table provides a list of years for which unclaimed dividends and their corresponding shares would become eligible to be
transferred to the IEPF on the dates mentioned below:
Year Type of dividend Dividend per Date of declaration Due date Amount (`)(2)
share (`)(1) for transfer
2017 - 2018 Final & Special 30.50 June 23, 2018 July 24, 2025 3,76,49,562
2018 - 2019 Interim 7.00 October 16, 2018 November 14, 2025 1,58,02,634
2018 - 2019 Special 4.00 January 11, 2019 February 10, 2026 94,39,292
2018 - 2019 Final 10.50 June 22, 2019 July 21, 2026 2,28,19,986
2019 - 2020 Interim 8.00 October 11, 2019 November 11, 2026 1,96,77,377
2019 - 2020 Final 9.50 June 27, 2020 July 28, 2027 2,04,10,099
2020 - 2021 Interim 12.00 October 14, 2020 November 17, 2027 2,44,11,971
2020 - 2021 Final 15.00 June 19, 2021 July 20, 2028 2,57,73,640
2021 - 2022 Interim 15.00 October 13, 2021 November 16, 2028 2,99,63,863
2021 - 2022 Final 16.00 June 25, 2022 July 25, 2029 2,99,14,301
2022 - 2023 Interim 16.50 October 13, 2022 November 13, 2029 2,76,67,198
2022 - 2023 Final 17.50 June 28, 2023 July 27, 2030 2,77,36,471
2023 - 2024 Interim 18.00 October 12, 2023 November 12, 2030 2,69,02,501
2023 - 2024 Final & Special 28.00 June 26, 2024 July 26, 2031 7,66,03,502
2024 - 2025 Interim 21.00 October 17, 2024 November 19, 2031 5,46,26,758
(1) Not adjusted for bonus issue (2) Amount unclaimed as on March 31, 2025
In order to educate the shareholders and with an intent to protect their rights, the Company also sends regular reminders to
shareholders to claim their unclaimed dividends / shares before it is transferred to the IEPF. Shareholders may note that both the
unclaimed dividends and corresponding shares transferred to the IEPF, including all benefits accruing on such shares, if any, can be
claimed from the IEPF following the procedure prescribed in the Rules. No claim shall lie in respect thereof with the Company.
Dividend remitted to the IEPF during the last three years
Year Type of dividend Dividend declared on Date of transfer to IEPF Amount transferred to IEPF
2024-25 Interim 2017-18 October 24, 2017 January 2, 2025 1,86,24,606
2024-25 Final 2016-17 June 24, 2017 December 19, 2024 1,68,26,033
2023-24 Interim 2016-17 October 14, 2016 November 20, 2023 1,08,18,665
2023-24 Final 2015-16 June 18, 2016 July 17, 2023 1,42,14,062
2022-23 Interim 2015-16 October 12, 2015 November 17, 2022 1,03,63,320
2022-23 Final 2014-15 June 22, 2015 July 22, 2022 1,39,48,102
Shares transferred to the IEPF
During the financial year, the Company transferred 13,552 shares on November 8, 2024, and 37,690 shares on March 25, 2025, to the
Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) in accordance with the applicable Rules, due to dividends remaining unclaimed for seven
consecutive years. The Company also received applications from shareholders seeking to reclaim shares previously transferred to the
IEPF. In response, the IEPF processed and settled claims relating to 1,18,765 shares, returning them to the respective shareholders. As
of March 31, 2025, the IEPF holds a total of 7,12,825 shares transferred under the said Rules. Additionally, during the year, the Company
transferred an amount of ₹3,46,92,959 to the IEPF, representing corporate benefits (dividends) accrued on shares already transferred.
Schedule of events
44th Annual General Meeting
June 25, 2025 Video conference https://agm. https://
June 20, 2025 to
Wednesday and other onwingspan.com www.infosys.com/
June 24, 2025
4:00 p.m. IST audio-visual means /InfosysAGM Investors/
Date and time Mode Participation through Webcast and E-voting dates
video-conferencing transcripts
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 139
Corporate governance report
Financial calendar
The Company’s financial year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. Our tentative calendar for declaration of results for the financial
year 2025-26 are as follows:
Jun 30, 2025 Sep 30, 2025 Dec 31, 2025 Mar 31, 2026 Quarter ending
Jul 23, 2025 Oct 16, 2025 Jan 14, 2026 Apr 16, 2026 Board meeting and earnings release date
Jun 16, 2025 to Sep 16, 2025 to Dec 16, 2025 to Mar 16, 2026 to
Trading window closure
Jul 27, 2025 Oct 19, 2025 Jan 18, 2026 Apr 19, 2026
Investor awareness mode to dematerialize their shares. Shareholders holding
shares in dematerialized mode have been requested to register
We have provided a synopsis of the rights and responsibilities
their email address, bank account details and mobile number
of shareholders on our website, at https://www.infosys.com/
with their depository participants. Those holding shares in
investors/shareholder-services/pages/faqs.aspx.
physical mode have been requested to furnish PAN, nomination,
contact details, bank account details and specimen signature
Share transfer system
for their corresponding folios. Shareholders may contact
SEBI, effective April 01, 2019, barred physical transfer of shares of
the RTA at, einward.ris@kfintech.com and also refer details
listed companies and mandated transfers only through demat.
at https://www.infosys.com/investors/shareholder-services/
However, investors are not barred from holding shares in physical
investors-service.html.
form. We request shareholders whose shares are in physical
Investor conferences / events held in fiscal 2025
Infosys holds press meets and investor / analyst calls after every quarterly results announcement, which is accessible to all the
shareholders and general public. The Company also holds its Annual General Meeting, which is accessible to all the shareholders.
The details of these are sent to the stock exchanges and updated on the website. Infosys also participates in various sell-side / broker-
arranged investor conferences and roadshows where the Management / Company representatives interact with investors in one-on-one
or group meetings. The details of such participation are sent to the exchanges and updated on the website.
9 2 8 1 11 1 11 1
Total Total Total Total
11 9 12 12
Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4
Conferences / Non-deal roadshow Company events
Investor grievances and investor contacts Shareholders may note that the share transfers, dividend
payments and all other investor-related activities are attended to
We have a Board-level Stakeholders Relationship Committee to
and processed at the office of the Company’s RTA.
examine and redress complaints by shareholders and investors.
The status of complaints is reported to the entire Board. The For any grievances / complaints, shareholders may contact the
Stakeholders Relationship Committee meets as often as required RTA, KFin Technologies Limited at einward.ris@kfintech.com.
to resolve shareholder grievances. For any escalations, shareholders may write to the Company at
investors@infosys.com and for queries on dividend tax, write
We attended to most of the investors’ grievances and postal /
to us on dividend.tax@infosys.com. For addresses and contact
electronic communications within a period of seven days from
details for investor queries, RTA, depositary banks, depositories
the date of receipt of such grievances. The exceptions have been
for equity shares in India and stock exchanges, refer to
for cases constrained by disputes or legal impediments.
the Investor contacts.
140 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Company shares-related disputes / litigation Commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk and
There are certain pending civil cases involving rival claims made hedging activities
by parties seeking declaration of title and accrued benefits The Company does not deal in commodities and hence the
of the Company’s disputed shares. Since the disputed shares disclosure pursuant to SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/
relate to the Company, Infosys Limited and the Company’s RTA, PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024 is not applicable.
KFin Technologies Limited are made pro forma defendants For details of foreign exchange risk and hedging activities, refer
in these litigation matters. However, these matters are to Form 20-F which is available at
not material in nature. https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/annual-
report/annual-reports.html.
Share capital
Holding as on March 31, 2024 Fresh issue – ESOP Holding as on March 31, 2025
415,08,67,464 23,95,991 415,32,63,455
Category-wise shareholding as on March 31, 2025
Foreign Portfolio Investors
29.40%
122,11,50,076
Others
4.57%
18,98,88,914
Mutual Funds
18.28% Total
75,93,48,185 Insurance Companies
415,32,63,455 13.64%
56,64,25,252
Resident Individuals (Public)
Promoters & Promoter Group
13.05% 10.47%
43,45,61,064
54,20,29,249
American Depositary Receipts
10.59%
43,98,60,715
Listing on stock exchanges
The listing fees for fiscal 2025 have been paid for all of the stock
Codes India Global exchanges in India and overseas.
NSE BSE NYSE
ISIN Code for ADS: US4567881085
Exchange INFY INFY INFY
ISIN Code for Indian equity shares: INE009A01021
Reuters INFY.NS INFY.BO INFY.K
Bloomberg INFO IS INFO IB INFY US
Dematerialization of shares and liquidity
99.92%
Shareholders (1) Shares
25,46,234 415,32,63,455
% to total
0.08%
equity 25,46,003 414,98,54,668
231 34,08,787
Demat mode Physical mode
(1) The number of shareholders are based on PAN as on March 31, 2025.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 141
Corporate governance report
Shareholders holding more than 1% of the shares as on March 31, 2025
The details of shareholders (non-promoters and non-ADR holders) holding more than 1% (PAN-based) of the equity as on March 31,
2025 are as follows:
Name of the shareholder % (percentage of holding) No. of shares
Life Insurance Corporation of India 9.34 38,81,12,531
SBI Mutual Fund 4.23 17,55,89,470
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund 2.72 11,31,05,512
HDFC Mutual Fund 1.77 7,34,58,087
NPS Trust 1.73 7,17,43,431
UTI Mutual Fund 1.69 7,00,76,191
Nippon India Mutual Fund 1.32 5,47,59,143
Government of Singapore 1.25 5,20,64,853
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 1.21 5,04,48,430
Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund 1.20 4,97,07,705
Government Pension Fund Global 1.08 4,49,40,174
Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund, 1.08 4,48,70,622
A Series of Vanguard International Equity Index Fund
Kotak Mahindra Mutual Fund 1.04 4,31,44,826
Distribution of shareholding as on March 31, 2025
No. of shares held No. of holders % to holders % to equity No. of shares
1-1 1,95,179 7.67 0.00 1,95,179
2-10 8,52,897 33.5 0.12 49,87,990
11-50 8,20,163 32.21 0.53 2,21,25,532
51- 100 2,85,965 11.23 0.53 2,21,61,311
101-200 1,81,115 7.11 0.65 2,70,31,736
201-500 1,23,806 4.86 0.96 3,96,57,395
501-1,000 44,476 1.75 0.77 3,19,91,504
1,001-5,000 31,594 1.24 1.54 6,39,26,438
5,001-10,000 4,453 0.17 0.75 3,11,51,547
10,001 and above 6,586 0.26 94.15 391,00,34,823
Total 25,46,234 100 100 415,32,63,455
142 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Outstanding ADSs / GDRs / warrants or any convertible • Quarterly and annual financial statements, standalone and
instruments consolidated, along with segmental information, are also
posted on our website, at
Our ADSs, as evidenced by ADRs, are traded in the US on the
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/.
NYSE under the ticker symbol ‘INFY’. The currency of trade of ADS
in the US is USD. Each ADS is represented by one equity share. • Earnings calls with analysts and investors are broadcast live
The ADRs evidencing ADSs began trading on the NYSE, New on our website and their transcripts are also published on
York, from December 12, 2012. As on March 31, 2025, there were the website. The proceedings of the AGM are webcast live
130,339 record holders of ADRs evidencing 43,98,60,715 ADSs. for shareholders across the world. The AGM presentations,
The Company does not have any outstanding GDRs / warrants or transcripts and video archives are available on our website, at
any convertible instruments as on March 31, 2025. https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/.
• Form 20-F, filed annually with the SEC, also contains detailed
Credit ratings disclosures and is made available on our website, at
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/annual-
There has been no change in the credit ratings of Infosys from
report.html.
any of the agencies during the year.
• Other information, such as press releases, stock exchange
Rating agency Rating Outlook disclosures and presentations made to investors and analysts,
Moody’s Baa1 Stable etc., is regularly updated on the Company’s website. The
shareholders can also visit www.sec.gov where the investors
Standard & Poor’s A Stable
can view statutory filings of the Company with the SEC.
Dun & Bradstreet 5A1 Condition: Strong
Registered office and global locations
CRISIL AAA Stable
The address of our registered office is Electronics City, Hosur
Shareholders Road, Bengaluru 560100, Karnataka, India.
Communication to the shareholders Our operations are spread across 292 locations in 59 countries.
We do not have any manufacturing plants, but have
The Company ensures that the following filings and reports
development centers and offices in India and overseas.
are available on its website:
Visit https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/
documents/global-presence2025.pdf for details related to
• The quarterly report, along with additional information and
our global locations.
official news releases, are posted on our website, at
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/. The
Subsidiaries
reports contain select financial data extracted from the
audited consolidated financial statements under the IFRS and As on March 31, 2025, we have 30 direct subsidiaries and 76
Ind AS. The quarterly / annual results are generally published step-down subsidiaries. The Company does not have any
in at least one English language national daily newspaper material subsidiary.
circulating in the whole or substantially the whole of India
(Business Standard) and in one regional daily newspaper
circulating in Karnataka (Prajavani).
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 143
Corporate governance report
General body meetings
The details of the special resolutions passed during the last three Annual and / or Extraordinary General Meetings are as follows:
Year ended Date and time Venue Special resolution passed Web link for webcast /
transcripts
March 31, 43rd AGM: June 26, Held through video 1. Nil https://www.infosys.
2024 2024 at 4 p.m. IST conferencing / com/investors/news-
other audio-visual events/annual-general-
means meeting/2024/agm-2024-
transcript.pdf
March 31, 42nd AGM: June 28, Held through video 1. Appointment of Helene Auriol Potier as an https://www.infosys.
2023 2023 at 4 p.m. IST conferencing / Independent Director of the Company com/investors/news-
other audio-visual 2. Reappointment of Bobby Parikh as an events/annual-general-
means Independent Director meeting/2023/agm-2023-
transcript.pdf
March 31, 41st AGM: June 25, Held through video 1. Reappointment of D. Sundaram as an https://www.infosys.
2022 2022 at 4 p.m. IST conferencing / Independent Director com/investors/news-
other audio-visual events/annual-general-
means meeting/2022/agm-2022-
transcript.pdf
Extraordinary General Meeting
No extraordinary general meeting of the members was held during fiscal 2025.
Postal ballot
During the financial year, the following ordinary resolutions were passed by the shareholders by the requisite majority by way of postal
ballot through e-voting.
Date of postal Resolution passed Voting results Approval date Scrutinizer
ballot notice
October 17, Material Related Party Voting in favour: 99.93% November 26, 2024 Hemanth, Holla & Co., (Membership
2024 Transactions between Infosys No. FCS 6374) (CP No. 6519)
Limited and its subsidiaries with Voting against: 0.07% Practicing Company Secretaries.
Stater N.V
Material Related Party Voting in favour: 99.93%
Transactions between Infosys
Limited and its subsidiaries with Voting against: 0.07%
Stater Nederland B.V.
The voting results are made available on our website at https://www.infosys.com/investors/shareholder-services/postal-ballot.html.
Procedure for postal ballot
The postal ballot was carried out as per the provisions of Sections 108 and 110 and other applicable provisions of the Act, read with the
Rules framed thereunder and applicable circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs from time to time.
Details of special resolution proposed to be transacted through postal ballot
None of the businesses proposed to be transacted at the ensuing AGM requires passing of a special resolution through postal ballot.
144 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Legal compliance
In everything we do, we comply with the law of the land. All
disclosures and policies to this effect, including details of
non-compliance, regulatory orders, certifications and complaints,
are made available in this corporate governance report.
Details of non-compliance Prevention of insider trading
No penalty has been imposed by any stock exchange, SEBI or The Company has amended the Code of Conduct for Prohibition
SEC, nor has there been any instance of non-compliance with any of Insider Trading (“the Code”) and Code on Fair Disclosures
legal requirements, or on matters relating to the capital market and Investor Relations effective April 17, 2025. The policy
over the last three years. and procedures are framed to regulate, monitor and report
trading by the Designated Persons along with their Immediate
Regulatory orders Relative(s) and for other aspects under the SEBI (Prohibition
of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, such as inquiry in case
There were no material regulatory orders pertaining to the
of leak of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (UPSI) or
Company for fiscal 2025, except for the Settlement order dated
suspected leak of UPSI is forming part of the Code, which
June 26, 2024 in respect of Settlement Application filed by Salil
is available on our website, at https://www.infosys.com/
Parekh, CEO & MD of the Company. The details of the order are
investors/corporate-governance/documents/code-conduct-
disclosed at https://www.infosys.com/investors/documents/
prohibition-insider-trading.pdf.
company-statement-sebi-27jun2024.pdf.
Compliance with discretionary requirements
CEO and CFO certification
The Company has also ensured the implementation of non-
As required by the Listing Regulations, the CEO and CFO
mandatory items such as:
certification is provided in this Integrated Annual Report.
• Separate posts of Chairman, and CEO & MD, with the
Code of Conduct and Ethics provision for reimbursement of expenses in the performance
of official duties
In compliance with the Listing Regulations and the Companies
Act, 2013, the Company has adopted the Code of Conduct and • The Company has appointed a non-executive chairperson
Ethics (“the Code”). The Code is applicable to the members of the who is not related to the CEO & MD.
Board, the executive officers and all employees of the Company • The Company has provided a separate office within the
and its subsidiaries, and is available on our website, at https:// Company premises for the Chairman.
www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/documents/
• Unmodified audit opinions / reporting
codeofconduct.pdf. All members of the Board, the executive
• Internal auditor reporting directly to the Audit Committee
officers and senior management have affirmed compliance to
the Code as on March 31, 2025. A declaration to this effect is part Other disclosures and affirmations
of the CEO and CFO certification.
• The Company has complied with the corporate governance
requirements as per Regulation 17 to 27 and website
Establishment of vigil / whistleblower mechanism
disclosure requirements as per Regulation 46(2) of the Listing
The Company has established a mechanism for directors and Regulations.
employees to report concerns about unethical behaviour, actual
• The securities of the Company were not suspended from
or suspected fraud, or violation of the Code. It also provides for
trading anytime during fiscal 2025.
adequate safeguards against the victimization of employees who
avail the mechanism and allows direct access to the chairperson Certificate of non-disqualification of directors
of the Audit Committee in exceptional cases. During the year, Makarand M. Joshi of Makarand M. Joshi & Co., Company
no person was denied access to the Audit Committee. The Secretaries, has issued a certificate as required under the Listing
Whistleblower Policy is available on our website, at Regulations, confirming that none of the directors on the Board
https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/ of the Company has been debarred or disqualified from being
documents/whistleblower-policy.pdf. appointed or continuing as director of companies by the SEBI /
Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority. The
Complaints pertaining to sexual harassment certificate is enclosed with this section as Annexure A.
The details of complaints filed, disposed of and pending during
the financial year pertaining to sexual harassment are provided Auditors’ certificate on corporate governance
in the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report of this The auditor’s certificate on corporate governance is provided as
Integrated Annual Report. Annexure 4 to the Board’s report.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 145
Corporate governance report
Annexure A: Certificate of non-disqualification of directors
C E R T I F I C A T E
[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C Clause (10)(i) of the Securities Exchange and Board of India
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]
To,
The Members,
Infosys Limited
Electronics City, Hosur Road,
Bengaluru-560100, Karnataka, India
We have examined the relevant disclosures provided by the Directors (as enlisted in Table A); to M/s Infosys Limited, bearing CIN:
L85110KA1981PLC013115; having registered office at Electronics City, Hosur Road, Bangalore, Karnataka-560100, India (hereinafter
referred to as ‘the Company’) for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para C
Clause 10 (i) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of our knowledge and based on the following:
i. Documents available on the website of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (‘MCA’);
ii. Verification of Directors Identification Number (‘DIN’) status at the website of the MCA;
iii. Disclosures provided by the Directors (as enlisted in Table A) to the Company; and
iv. Debarment list of BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited.
We hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company (as enlisted in Table A) have been debarred or disqualified
from being appointed or continuing as Directors of the company by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, MCA or any such other
statutory authority as on March 31, 2025.
Table A
Sr. No. Name of the Directors Director Identification Number (DIN) Date of appointment in the Company
1. Nandan M. Nilekani 00041245 August 24, 2017
2. Salil Parekh 01876159 January 02, 2018
3. D. Sundaram 00016304 July 14, 2017
4. Michael Gibbs 08177291 July 13, 2018
5. Bobby Parikh 00019437 July 15, 2020
6. Chitra Nayak 09101763 March 25, 2021
7. Govind Iyer 00169343 January 12, 2023
8. Helene Auriol Potier 10166891 May 26, 2023
9. Nitin Paranjpe 00045204 January 01, 2024
For Makarand M. Joshi & Co.
Company Secretaries
Sd/-
Place: Mumbai Makarand M. Joshi
Date: April 17, 2025 Partner
FCS No. 5533
CP No. 3662
PR: 6290 / 2024
UDIN: F005533G000134090
146 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory reports
Investor contacts
For queries relating to financial statements For queries relating to business responsibility report
and Sustainability Report
Amrita Srikanth
VP – Head – Technical Accounting Group Aruna C. Newton
VP – Head – Diversity and Inclusion
Tel: +91 80 4116 8666
Email : amrita.s@infosys.com Tel: +91 80 2852 0261
Email: arunacnewton@infosys.com
Investor correspondence
Registrar and share transfer agents
Sandeep Mahindroo
SVP – Financial Controller and Head – Investor Relations KFin Technologies Limited
Selenium Tower B, Plot Nos. 31 & 32,
Tel : +91 80 3980 1018
Financial District, Nanakramguda,
Email : sandeep_mahindroo@infosys.com
Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad – 500032, India
For queries relating to shares / dividend / compliance
A.G.S. Manikantha Contact person
VP – Company Secretary C. Shobha Anand
Tel: +91 80 4116 7775 Vice President
Email: investors@infosys.com KFin Technologies Limited
Toll Free Number +1800-309-4001
Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com
Depositary bank (ADS)
United States
Custodian in India (ADS)
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas
ICICI Bank Limited
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas
ICICI Bank Limited
Corporate Bank - Depositary Receipts
Securities Market Services
Floor 4S, 1 Columbus Circle
1st Floor, Empire Complex, 414,
New York NY, USA 10019
Senapati Bapat Marg,
Tel: +1 212 250 2500
Lower Parel, Mumbai 400 013,
Maharashtra, India.
India Tel: +91 98210 21853
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG, Filiale Mumbai
Corporate Bank – Depositary Receipts
The Capital, C-70, G Block
Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai 400 051, India
Tel: +91 22 7180 6184
Depository for equity shares in India
National Securities Depository Limited Central Depository Services (India) Limited
301, 3rd Floor, Naman Chambers, Marathon Futurex, A-Wing,
Plot C-32, G-Block, 25th, 34th & 35th Floor, Mafatlal Mills Compound
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, NM Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East),
Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400 051, India Mumbai 400013, India
Tel: +91 022-48867000 Tel: 1800-21-09911
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 147
Investor contacts
Addresses of stock exchanges
In India Outside India
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. New York Stock Exchange
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 11 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005, US
Bandra Kurla Complex, Tel: +1 212 656 3000
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051
Tel: +(022) 6864 5400 / 022 5099 8100
BSE Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001, India
Tel: +022 6654 5695
148 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory reports
Risk management report
“Risks related to the geo-political changes, uncertainties in the economy, supply chain constraints, evolving
regulations, technology disruption and cyber security have impacted businesses across the world during the
fiscal year. Our enterprise risk management processes were instrumental in keeping the Company focused on
our most important priorities toward all our stakeholders.”
Deepak Bhalla
EVP – Chief Risk Officer
Note: The risk-related information outlined in this section may not be exhaustive. The discussion may contain statements that are forward looking in
nature. Our business is subject to uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward looking statements.
If any of the risks materializes, our business, financial conditions or prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Our business, operating results,
financial performance, or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are
material. Readers are advised to refer to the detailed discussion of risk factors and related disclosures in our regulatory filings and exercise their own
judgment in assessing risks associated with the Company.
Our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) function enables also enables the identification of underlying opportunities
the achievement of the Company’s strategic objectives by during risk assessment, which are then further evaluated and
identifying, analyzing, assessing, mitigating, monitoring, and actionized by the business. Our ERM framework encompasses
governing any risk or potential threat to these objectives. While all of the Company’s risks – strategy and strategy execution;
this is the key driver, our values, culture, and commitment to operational; legal and compliance risks. Any of these categories
stakeholders – employees, customers, investors, regulatory can have internal or external dimensions. Hence, appropriate risk
bodies, partners, and the community around us – are the indicators are used to identify these risks proactively. We take
foundation for our ERM framework. The systematic and proactive cognizance of risks emanating internally or externally and their
identification of risks, and mitigation thereof, enables our cumulative impact while framing our risk responses.
organization to boost performance with effective and timely
Emerging risks: Our ERM framework has defined a process to
decision-making. Strategic decisions are taken after careful
identify, assess, plan, and monitor risks emerging from internal
consideration of primary risks, secondary risks, consequential
and external environment which enables the Company to build
risks, and residual risks. The ERM function also enables effective
and maintain resilience in uncertain times. The process includes
resource allocation through structured qualitative and
horizon scanning and SWOT analysis, which cover political,
quantitative risk impact assessment and prioritization based on
economic, social, technology, legal and environmental aspects.
our risk appetite, which is defined through the ERM framework.
The emerging risks are monitored constantly and discussed
During the assessment, impacts and likelihood or probability
in the risk councils and with the Risk Management Committee
of the risks are assessed using a four-point scale, and risks are
(RMC) of the Board on a periodic basis.
categorized into four groups based on this. Our ERM framework
Strategy and strategy execution The risks arising out of the choices we have made in defining our strategy and the risks to the
successful execution of our strategy are covered in this category. For example, risks inherent to our
industry and our competitiveness are analyzed and mitigated through strategic choices of target
markets, our market offerings, business model and talent base.
Operational The risks affecting our policies, procedures, people and systems, thereby impacting service delivery
or operations, or compromising our core values or business practices are covered in this category. For
example, risks such as inefficiencies in internal processes, human rights, fraud risks, business activity
disruptions due to natural calamities, climate change events, human conflicts, system failures and
cybersecurity attacks.
Legal and compliance The risks arising out of threats posed to our financial, organizational, or reputational standing
resulting from litigations, non-conformance with laws, regulatory or geo-political developments,
codes of conduct and contractual compliances are covered in this category.
Integrated Enterprise Risk Management Framework
We have adopted an integrated ERM framework that is implemented across the organization by the risk management office. Our
ERM framework is developed by incorporating the best practices based on COSO and ISO 31000 and then tailored to suit our unique
business requirements.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 149
Integrated Enterprise Risk Management Framework
STRATEGY
Strategy and
business objectives Risk-enabled decision-making
Risk identification Risk management
Vision and Risk Treatment, mitigation and
mission assessment control implementation
Secondary and consequential
Values and risk assessment
culture
Residual risk assessment
Strategic and and decision-making
stakeholder
goals
Auditing, monitoring
and reporting
Derived
goals
Risk governance
and disclosures
Aligned lines of defense
iGRC platform
Intelligent risk analytics – Live Enterprise
150 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
ytinutroppO
Legal and compliance
Operational
Level 1 Risk
Level 2 Risk
Level 3 Risk
Level 4 Risk
selaS
yrevileD
noitcnuf
gnilbane
ssenisuB
Risk management report
PERFORMANCE EVALUATION AND RISK MANAGEMENT GOVERNANCE
8-layer governance
Type of
risks
R
B
i
o
s
a
k
r
M
d o
an
f
a
D
g
ir
e
e
m
ct
e
o
n
rs
t
Strategy execution Committee (RMC)
of the Board
Cybersecurity
Sub-Committee
Risk councils
Office of
Level 5 Risk mpact
groups r
S
is
u
k
b
m
-ri
a
s
n
k
a
c
g
o
e
u
m
nc
e
i
n
ls
t
Granularity I Unit risk councils
Project and
account risk teams
Risk management at Infosys encompasses all areas, including The third line of defence encompasses an internal audit that
first, second, and third lines of defence. Risk management reviews various risks and controls on a periodic basis to assess
is embedded into the core business process and day-to-day the effectiveness of the risk management process and report
decision making of every function within the Company and independently. Inputs on key risks by the ERM are considered
forms an integral part of the development process and project while drafting the audit plan. The Company maintains a single
execution. Risk management has been ingrained into the job hierarchical risks repository from L1 to L5, covering strategic
description of senior management, middle management, and to tactical risks. All these are governed by the integrated ERM
people who front-end the customer work. Achieving strategic framework of the Company. This is how all lines of defence are
goals by proactively managing the risks is the responsibility of aligned as depicted in the ERM framework above.
the Company’s management at all levels. Financial incentives are
The Company also conducts maturity assessment of the ERM
linked to the achievement of strategic goals. As the first line of
process on a periodic basis by an independent external agency.
defence, they evaluate risks and opportunities before taking key
The recent maturity assessment was conducted in March 2024.
business decisions. This first line works closely with corporate
ERM through risk councils and sub-risk councils created across Risk management is ingrained in all parts of the organization.
the organization in different units. Risk-enabled decision-making and forums at various levels of
the organization to enhance risk-related decisions to identify
The second line of defence consists of various risk functions such
and mitigate the risks are the hallmarks of a good risk culture. At
as Information Security Group (ISG), Data Privacy Office (DPO),
Infosys, this is enabled through the implementation of integrated
Quality, Delivery Risk Management (DRM), Business Continuity,
Enterprise Risk Management, and this function acts as a decision
Legal, Compliance, etc., who work very closely with ERM function
support system for the executive leadership. A multi-layered
in identifying, assessing, reporting and governing the risks. While
governance structure provides open forums for risk discussions
risks are largely mitigated by the first line / business, they are
at various levels. Comprehensive awareness and training
tracked and governed by the second line. These are reported
programs are conducted on a regular basis for all the employees
to the executive leadership through various councils, including
and contractors to cover risks applicable to the business. Lex,
the Operational Risk Council (ORC) and the Legal & Compliance
our in-house learning platform, offers various risk management
Risk Council (LCRC). These key risks are also presented to the Risk
courses which are accessible from anywhere in the world.
Management Committee (RMC) of the Board on a quarterly basis.
Periodic table-top exercises are conducted in key areas to review
preparedness for high impact-low probability risks.
Salient features of our Enterprise Risk Management program
Our ERM program adopts unique methods to identify risks, evaluate potential impact and promote risk awareness across the organization.
Secondary, consequential and residual risks Intelligent risk analytics
Secondary risks are threats that could impede the mitigation Internal and external risk and performance indicators,
of primary risks. Consequential risks are the unintended and loss incidents are used in real time to identify,
consequences of primary mitigation, and residual risks are analyze and assess potential issues that could negatively
those risks that are left over after mitigation. impact strategic goals.
Enterprise
Aggregation and accumulation Risk Management RISC360 : iGRC
program
Exposure for same risks are aggregated as it goes up the RISC360 is the Company’s Governance, Risk management and
hierarchy. This provides enterprise-wide view Salient features Compliance (GRC) program that combines three lines of defense
to the leadership. Cumulated risk view is also provided to under one umbrella. This enables risk-based decision-making and
understand total exposure arising out of all risks at a unit level. auditing. The Company has implemented a technology platform,
iGRC, to provide a consolidated view of risks to strategic goals.
Process risk frameworks
Risk culture
Process-specific risk frameworks have been
developed for decision-making, Our risk culture encourages open and upward communication.
for example, frameworks for customer risk, Coupled with our belief systems and core values, this drives
vendor risk, contractual liability, contractual behavior, guides daily activities and decision-making throughout
weighted risk and credit risk. the organization. We encourage sharing of knowledge and best
practices, continuous process improvement and a strong
commitment to ethics and integrity.
Highlights of fiscal 2025
During fiscal 2025, various risks management initiatives were scenarios; uncertainties in the economy; inflation; technology
undertaken so as to ensure the smooth delivery of services to disruption and innovation; talent availability; cybersecurity; data
our clients, transparent communication with all stakeholders, protection and privacy; ESG; contractual liabilities; and complex
fulfilment of our social responsibility while ensuring employee and evolving regulatory environment.
safety and health by strengthening risk management program
While the Company tracks several risks to its business, the key
and enhancing the risk culture. The risk office assessed,
risks and emerging risks are described below along with the
monitored and reported on risks related to geo-political
Company’s approach to mitigate them.
Key / Emerging risks Impact on Company Mitigation / Opportunity
Geo-political, • Our revenues are concentrated in a few geographies • Broad-based growth to reduce concentration in
macroeconomic or and client industries, and a large part of our revenue is any single region, client or industry
health events dependent on a limited number of clients. Unfavorable • Monitor geo-political and macroeconomic
geo-political, economic, or health events may result in scenarios, identify potential business impact and
currency volatility and reduced spend on technology implement additional controls to build operational
products and services which may adversely impact agility to respond to situations
demand for our offerings which in turn may impact • Implement currency hedging best practices to
our growth and profitability. minimize the impact due to the volatility
• Emerging risk aspect: Geo-political, economic or • Implement strong business continuity protocols in
health events are dynamic in nature and constantly the regions affected by the geo-political conflicts
evolving. Uncertainty and unpredictability of policy • Hybrid working model to address evolving
changes by governments such as tariffs, trade geo-political risks
restrictions etc., sometimes make it difficult to predict • Diversified supply chain to address potential
and assess the impact. disruptions due to geo-political conflicts, tariff or
• Impacted capitals: Financial, Social & Relationship trade restrictions
and Human • Acquisitions to expand our footprint in newer
areas or regions
• Opportunity – Clients are looking for cost takeout
projects and vendor consolidation
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 151
Risk management report
Key / Emerging risks Impact on Company Mitigation / Opportunity
Commoditization • If we are unable to differentiate our offerings and • Differentiation of services through constant
of services and manage customer expectations in times of intense innovation and developing industry solutions
heightened competition in the market for technology services, meeting client requirements
competitive landscape and / or use of gen AI to enhance productivity, • Continued investments to identify, incubate,
this could affect our win rates and pricing, reduce develop and launch innovative offerings
our market share and decrease our revenue and • Constant investments in technology to increase
profits. Customers looking inwards by insourcing or automation and improve productivity savings
establishing or expanding Global Capability Centers • A broad portfolio of interconnected services
(GCC) for various services provided by us may result and solutions covering discretionary and
in loss of addressable market share thus impacting non-discretionary spends of customers
overall growth and profitability. • Focused growth of new and emerging
• Impacted capitals: Financial and Intellectual technological areas like Cloud, AI etc.
• Collaboration and co-creation to address the GCC
business requirements
Technology disruption • Rapid changes to the technology landscape poses • Innovation council led by executive leadership
and innovation a threat to business. If we are unable to adopt to to identify and incubate next big bets through
the technology disruptions such as AI, Cloud, etc., innovation framework
and develop capabilities in new services, it would • Joint innovation showcases with clients, industry
adversely impact our revenue, profitability and forums, alliances, partners, academia, etc.
reputation. • Investments in research and development
• Emerging risk: Not having the right framework to develop consulting and industry-domain
and approach to identify, invest in, incubate and knowledge-led solutions
operationalize new services and offerings that are in • Reskilling program for employees in newer
line with technology changes like AI, client preferences technologies and methodologies
and market expectations may disrupt our value • Large deal specific investments to drive
proposition and reduce our relevance to customers, innovation, enhance productivity and enhance
impacting our revenue and profitability. The speed industry-domain expertise
and nature of technological changes make it difficult • Invest in / develop alliances or partnerships with
to predict the trend. emerging technology firms
• Impacted capitals: Financial, Human and Intellectual • Opportunity – Identify, develop and deploy new
offerings to customers leveraging next-generation
technologies
Talent supply • As of March 31, 2025, we have 3,23,578 employees • Focused efforts to improve the recruitment and
constraints across the globe. Our success depends on our highly employee onboarding cycle time.
skilled technology and management talent. If we • Employee engagement and support initiatives
are unable to attract, hire, engage, motivate and to increase the new employee connect with the
retain technology and management talent, manage organization.
leadership succession and transition, respect and • Holistic employee retention and recognition
protect human rights, continuously evolve our hybrid efforts for key and tenured employees.
work model in response to changing needs and • Focused career and leadership development
expectations, it could impact our reputation, ability to programs to develop next gen leaders.
staff projects or execute large and complex programs, • Hybrid operational model that balances client
or optimize cost structures. requirements, evolving employee preferences,
• Impacted capitals: Financial, Human and Intellectual legal requirements and information security risks.
152 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Key / Emerging risks Impact on Company Mitigation / Opportunity
Cybersecurity • Cyber attacks that breach our information network • Robust cybersecurity strategy, framework,
or failure to protect sensitive and confidential processes, policies and controls to enhance cyber
information of our stakeholders in accordance with resilience
applicable laws and contractual obligations may • Multi-layered governance process with executive
adversely impact our operations and client satisfaction and Board oversight to review the cybersecurity
or result in significant regulatory penalties. risks and our preparedness to mitigate and
• Impacted capitals: Financial, Human, Intellectual and respond to such risks
Manufactured • Continued investment in technologies to address
risks posed by evolving cyber threat landscape
• Close collaboration with cyber intelligence and
forensic consultants to identify and prepare for
emerging cybersecurity threats, periodic table-top
exercises and maintain the cybersecurity crisis
plan up to date
• Regular cybersecurity awareness programs and
trainings with strong consequence management
process
• Trainings and workshops for employees on
security by design
• Strong encryption, data backup and recovery
mechanism to ensure business continuity during
any crisis
• The Cyber Risk Assessment Framework aligned to
ISO 31000, ISO 27001, and ISO 27005
• Opportunity – Cybersecurity services to the
customer
Data protection and • Failure to protect personal and sensitive information • Robust data privacy framework, policies, processes
privacy of our stakeholders in accordance with applicable and controls
laws may impact our operations or result in significant • Trainings and workshops for employees on
regulatory penalties. privacy by design and data protection and privacy
• Impacted capitals: Financial, Human and Intellectual awareness bringing in geographical nuances
• Multi-layered governance process with executive
and Board oversight to review the data protection
and privacy risks and our preparedness to mitigate
and respond to such risks
• Continuous monitoring of regulatory landscape
Cost inflation / Inability • If we are unable to run our operations effectively and • Effective operations with sustainable cost
to improve margin with sustainable cost levers, our long-term profitability optimization and margin improvement levers
may be adversely affected. • Automation and planned capex program focused
• Impacted capitals: Financial on technology adoption for efficiencies
ESG • If we are unable to demonstrate the outcome of our • ESG 2030 ambitions and execution roadmap with
ESG program covering various areas such as climate dedicated owners for each of the ambitions
change, GHG reductions, digital skilling, amplifying • Board-level governance and oversight through
communities, diversity, responsible supply chains, dedicated ESG Committee of the Board
compliance and governance, etc., our operations, • Periodic risk assessments to identify, assess, and
reputation, access to capital and longer-term financial mitigate the risks to ESG ambitions
stability could be adversely impacted. • ESG ambitions aligned with the strategy
• Emerging risk aspect: Expectations on ESG may • Regular monitoring of regulatory landscape
change in future due to evolving stakeholders’ • Opportunity – Climate change-related solutions
expectations and disclosure requirements. and services to the customer
• Impacted capitals: Financial, Human, Intellectual,
Natural, Social & Relationship and Manufactured
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 153
Risk management report
Key / Emerging risks Impact on Company Mitigation / Opportunity
Contractual liabilities • Risk of clients demanding more favorable terms, • Engaging clients on contractual terms through
including onerous clauses related to the liability and dedicated in-house team
our inability to adhere to contractual obligations • Contract legal playbook with risk framework to
with customers may lead to litigations, fines, and identify the high-risk clauses and plan appropriate
may adversely impact our reputation, revenue and controls to mitigate the risks
profitability. • Multi-layered governance process for contract
• Impacted capitals: Social & Relationship and Financial approval
• Dedicated teams to adhere to, monitor and audit
contractual obligations
• Comprehensive Board-level monitoring, reporting
and governance of contractual risks
Complex and evolving • If we are not able to comply with the existing complex • Dedicated in-house compliance team working
regulatory environment regulatory landscape (e.g., immigration, wages, tax, together with external partners to monitor changes
sanctions), it could result in investigations, regulatory to the regulatory landscape
inquiries, litigation, fines, and negative client • Comprehensive compliance framework, policies,
sentiments. controls and programs to identify changes to
• Emerging risk aspect: Evolving regulatory regulatory landscape, assess their impact and
compliance, corporate governance and public implement appropriate actions
disclosure requirements add uncertainty to our • Regular connect with regulatory authorities and
compliance policies. compliance experts to identify and assess changes
• Impacted capitals: Financial, Human, Intellectual, to the regulatory landscape
Social & Relationship and Natural • Contract awareness programs and trainings for
employees and vendors
• Periodic compliance certification with clear
accountability and responsibility defined
• Comprehensive monitoring, reporting and
governance including Board oversight
Cybersecurity risk management
Cyber risks, being one of the key risks, is managed through the enterprise Information Security Council (ISC), has been
multi-layered controls with a defence-in-depth approach established, which is responsible for governing and overseeing
starting from the cybersecurity strategy, supplemented by the Information Security Management System (ISMS) at Infosys.
policies, processes and controls (preventive, detective, and ISC focuses on establishing, directing, monitoring, and executing
corrective). Our strategy is focused on four areas: transparency the information security program with representation from
and experience; continual improvement and compliance; cyber various departments and business units at Infosys and reports
resilience; and building and maintaining a positive cybersecurity to the Operational Risk Council highlighting key risks to the
culture within the organization. A high-level working group, executive leadership.
154 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
INDEPENDENT PRACTITIONER’S REASONABLE ASSURANCE REPORT ON IDENTIFIED
SUSTAINABILITY INFORMATION IN INFOSYS LIMITED’S BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
To the Board of Directors
of INFOSYS LIMITED
1. We have undertaken to perform reasonable assurance engagement, for INFOSYS LIMITED (the “Company”) vide our engagement
letter dated March 3, 2025 in respect of the agreed Sustainability Information listed below (the “Identified Sustainability Information”
or “BRSR Core indicators”) in accordance with the Criteria stated in paragraph 3 below. This Sustainability Information is included
in the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (the “BRSR” or the “Report”) of the Integrated Annual Report (the “IAR”) of
the Company for the year ended March 31, 2025. This engagement was conducted by a multidisciplinary team including assurance
practitioners, environmental engineers and specialists.
2. Identified Sustainability Information
Our scope of reasonable assurance consists of the BRSR Core indicators listed in the Appendix I to our report. The reporting boundary
of the Report is as disclosed in Question 13 of Section A: General Disclosure of the BRSR with exceptions disclosed by way of note
under respective questions of the BRSR, where applicable.
3. Criteria
The Criteria used by the Company to prepare the Identified Sustainability Information is as under:
• Regulation 34(2)(f) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (the “SEBI”) (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements),
Regulations, 2015 as amended;
• Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting Requirements for listed entities per Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/
CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024 (the “SEBI Master Circular”);
• SEBI Press Release PR No.36/2024 dated December 18, 2024;
• Industry Standards on Reporting of BRSR Core as per SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2024/177 dated December 20,
2024; and
• SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD - PoD- 1/P/CIR/2025/42 dated March 28, 2025.
4. Management’s Responsibility
The Company’s management is responsible for selecting or establishing suitable criteria for preparing the Sustainability Information
including the reporting boundary of the Report, taking into account applicable laws and regulations, if any, related to reporting on
the Sustainability Information, identification of key aspects, engagement with stakeholders, content, preparation and presentation
of the Identified Sustainability Information in accordance with the Criteria. This responsibility includes design, implementation
and maintenance of internal controls relevant to the preparation of the Report and the measurement of Identified Sustainability
Information, which is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
5. Inherent limitations
The absence of a significant body of established practice on which to draw to evaluate and measure non-financial information allows
for different, but acceptable, measures and measurement techniques and can affect comparability between companies.
6. Our Independence and Quality Control
We have maintained our independence and confirm that we have met the requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute
of Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”) and the SEBI Master Circular and its clarifications thereto and have the required
competencies and experience to conduct this assurance engagement.
We apply Standard on Quality Control (“SQC”) 1, “Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial
Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements”, and accordingly maintain a comprehensive system of quality
control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards, and
applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 155
7. Our Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express a reasonable assurance opinion on the Identified Sustainability Information listed in Appendix I based
on the procedures we have performed and evidence we have obtained.
We conducted our engagement in accordance with the Standard on Sustainability Assurance Engagements (SSAE) 3000, “Assurance
Engagements on Sustainability Information”, and Standard on Assurance Engagements (SAE) 3410 “Assurance Engagements on
Greenhouse Gas Statements” (together the “Standards”), both issued by the Sustainability Reporting Standards Board (the “SRSB”) of
the ICAI.
These standards require that we plan and perform our engagement to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Identified
Sustainability Information listed in Appendix I and included in the Report are prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the
Criteria.
As part of a reasonable assurance engagement in accordance with the Standards, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the engagement.
8. Reasonable Assurance
A reasonable assurance engagement involves identifying and assessing the risks of material misstatement of the Identified
Sustainability Information whether due to fraud or error, responding to the assessed risks as necessary in the circumstances.
The procedures we performed were based on our professional judgment and included inquiries, observation of processes performed,
inspection of documents, evaluating the appropriateness of quantification methods and reporting policies, analytical procedures and
agreeing or reconciling with underlying records.
Given the circumstances of the engagement, in performing the procedures listed above, we:
• Obtained an understanding of the Identified Sustainability Information and related disclosures;
• Obtained an understanding of the assessment criteria and their suitability for the evaluation and/or measurements of the Identified
Sustainability Information;
• Made inquiries of Company’s management, including environment team, compliance team, human resource team amongst others
and those with the responsibility for preparation of the Report;
• Obtained an understanding and performed an evaluation of the design of the key systems, processes and controls for recording,
processing and reporting on the Identified Sustainability Information at the corporate office and at other locations/offices on
a sample basis. This included evaluating the design of those controls relevant to the engagement and determining whether
they have been implemented by performing procedures in addition to inquiry of the personnel responsible for the Identified
Sustainability Information;
• Based on the above understanding and the risks that the Identified Sustainability Information may be materially misstated,
determined the nature, timing and extent of further procedures;
• Tested the key assumptions, emission factors and methodologies used for calculation of the Greenhouse Gas (the “GHG”) emissions;
• Tested the Company’s process for collating the sustainability information through agreeing or reconciling the identified
sustainability Information with the underlying records on a sample basis; and
• Tested the consolidation for locations/offices on a sample basis and corporate office under the reporting boundary for ensuring the
completeness of data being reported.
We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our reasonable assurance opinion.
9. Exclusions
Our assurance scope excludes the following and therefore we do not express an opinion on:
• Aspects of the Report and the data/information (qualitative or quantitative) other than the Identified Sustainability Information;
and
• The statements that describe expression of opinion, belief, aspiration, expectation, aim, or future intentions provided by the
Company.
10. Other information
The Company’s management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included
within the BRSR, the IAR and the Environment Social and Governance (the “ESG”) Report, other than Identified Sustainability
Information and our independent assurance reports dated May 31, 2025, thereon.
156 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Our opinion on the Identified Sustainability Information does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance thereon.
In connection with our assurance engagement of the Identified Sustainability Information, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Identified Sustainability
Information or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required
to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
11. Reasonable Assurance Opinion
Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, the BRSR Core indicators for the year ended March
31, 2025, listed in Appendix I are prepared in all material respects, in accordance with the Criteria as stated in paragraph 3 above.
12. Restriction on use
Our Reasonable Assurance report has been prepared and addressed to the Board of Directors of the Company at the request of the
Company solely, to assist the Company in reporting on Company’s sustainability performance and activities. Accordingly, we accept
no liability to anyone, other than the Company. Our Reasonable Assurance report should not be used for any other purpose or by any
person other than the addressees of our report. We neither accept nor assume any duty of care or liability for any other purpose or to
any other party to whom our report is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing.
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W / W-100018)
Pratiq Shah
Partner
Membership No. 111850
UDIN: 25111850BNUHLV9650
Place: Mumbai
Date: May 31, 2025
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 157
APPENDIX I
Identified Sustainability Information subject to Reasonable Assurance
Sr. No Reporting Standard Reference Indicator number
Section C: Principle [P] Wise Performance Disclosures- Essential Indicators [E]
1 P-1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves E-8: Number of days of accounts payables ((Accounts payable *365) /
with integrity, and in a manner that is Ethical, Transparent Cost of goods/services procured).
and Accountable.
E-9: Details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading
houses, dealers, and related parties along-with loans and advances
and investments, with related parties.
2 P-3: Businesses should respect and promote the well- E-1c: Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and
being of all employees, including those in their value workers (including permanent and other than permanent).
chains.
E-11: Details of safety related incidents.
3 P-5: Businesses should respect and promote human rights. E-3b: Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the
entity.
E-7: Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013.
4 P-6: Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect E-1: Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and
and restore the environment. energy intensity.
E-3: Disclosures related to water withdrawal and consumption (in Kilo
litres) and its intensity.
E-4: Details related to water discharged (in Kilo litres).
E-7: Details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2
emissions) (in tCo2e) and its intensity.
E-9: Details of waste generated (in metric tonnes), and its intensity,
total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery
operations (in metric tonnes) and total waste disposed by nature of
disposal method (in metric tonnes).
5 P-8: Businesses should promote inclusive growth and E-4: Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value)
equitable development. sourced from suppliers.
E-5: Job creation wages paid to persons employed (including
employees or workers employed on a permanent or non-permanent
/ on contract basis), as % of total wage cost.
6 P-9: Businesses should engage with and provide value to E-7: Information relating to data breaches.
their consumers in a responsible manner.
158 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory reports
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Infosys has always placed sustainability at the heart of its The BRSR follows the National Guidelines on Responsible
business approach. Our ability to fulfill and exceed our Business Conduct (NGRBC) principles on the social,
responsibilities to our stakeholders is a testament to our environmental and economic responsibilities of business.
commitment. We have balanced our business success with an
Our BRSR includes our responses to questions about our
unwavering focus on exemplary corporate governance and
practices and performance on key principles defined by
responsiveness to the needs of the environment and society.
Regulation 34(2)(f) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
As an early proponent of responsible business, we readily
Requirements) Regulations 2015 as amended from time to time,
embraced our commitment to integrate Environmental,
which cover topics across all ESG dimensions.
Social and Governance (ESG) factors into our operations.
We adopted the GRI Framework in 2008 and in fiscal 2013,
we were among the first companies to publish the Business
Responsibility Report (BRR).
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 159
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Section A: General Disclosure
I Company details
1. Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Listed Entity L85110KA1981PLC013115
2. Name of the Listed Entity Infosys Limited
3. Year of incorporation July 2, 1981
4. Registered office address Electronics City, Hosur Road, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560 100, India
5. Corporate address Electronics City, Hosur Road, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560 100, India
6. E-mail id askus@infosys.com
7. Telephone +91-80-2852 0261
8. Website www.infosys.com
9. Financial year for which reporting is being done April 2024 - March 2025
10. Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed In India, the Company’s equity shares are listed on
• BSE Limited
• National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE)
The ADSs are listed on the New York Stock Exchange in the US.
11. Paid-up capital `2,073 crore
12. Name and contact details (telephone, email address) of the person who may be ARUNA C. NEWTON
contacted in case of any queries on the BRSR report Vice President – Head – ESG, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Tel: +91 80 2852 0261
Email: arunacnewton@infosys.com
13. Reporting boundary - Are the disclosures under this report made on a standalone The disclosures under this report are made on a consolidated basis, unless otherwise
basis (i.e. only for the entity) or on a consolidated basis (i.e. for the entity and all the specified.
entities which form a part of its consolidated financial statements, taken together).
14. Name of assessment or assurance provider Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
15. Type of assessment or assurance obtained BRSR core indicators – Reasonable Assurance
Select BRSR indicators – Reasonable / Limited Assurance*
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
* Refer to our ESG report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
II Products / services
16. Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover)
S. No. Description of main activity Description of business activity % of turnover of the entity
1 Software and IT consulting (GICS classification – Information Infosys provides consulting, technology, outsourcing and 95.3
Technology – Software and Services) next-generation digital services, to enable clients to execute
strategies for their digital transformation and AI journey.
Further details are provided in the Management’s Discussion
and Analysis section of this Integrated Annual Report.
17. Products / services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity’s turnover)
S. No. Product / service NIC code % of total turnover contributed
1 Software application development and maintenance, 620 and 631 95.3
IT consulting, technology and next-generation digital
services
III Operations
18. Number of locations where plants and / or operations / offices of the entity are situated
Location Number of plants Number of offices Total
National NA 59
International NA 233
19. Markets served by the entity
a. Number of locations(1)
Locations Number
National (No. of states) 15
International (No. of countries) 89
(1) Denotes the locations of our clients
b. What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity?
97.10% (1)
(1) Based on standalone financial statements under Ind AS as exports are considered in relation to India
c. A brief on types of customers
We serve customers across a wide range of industries including, aerospace and defence, communication services, financial services, healthcare, high technology, insurance, life
sciences, media and entertainment, retail, utilities and more.
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
IV. Employees
20. Details as at the end of financial year:
a. Employees and workers (including differently-abled):
S. No. Particulars Total (A) Male Female
No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A)
Employees
1. Permanent (D) 3,23,578 1,97,246 61.0 1,26,332 39.0
2. Other than permanent (E)(1) 25,018 19,880 79.5 5,138 20.5
3. Total employees (D + E) 3,48,596 2,17,126 62.3 1,31,470 37.7
Workers(2)
4. Permanent (F)
5. Other than permanent (G) NA
6. Total workers (F + G)
b. Differently-abled employees and workers(3)
S. No Particulars Total (A) Male Female
No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A)
Differently-abled employees
1. Permanent (D) 1,095 810 73.9 285 26.1
2. Other than permanent (E) – – – – –
3. Total employees (D + E) 1,095 810 73.9 285 26.1
Differently-abled workers(2)
4. Permanent (F)
5. Other than permanent (G) NA
6. Total differently-abled workers (F + G)
(1) Other than permanent employees includes contractors
(2) We do not have any workers.
(3) Employees who have voluntarily disclosed their disabilities
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
21. Participation / Inclusion / Representation of women
Total (A) No. and percentage of Females
No. (B) % (B / A)
Board of Directors 9 2 22.2
Key Management Personnel(1) 3 – –
As on March 31, 2025
(1) Key Management Personnel are Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director (CEO & MD), Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Company Secretary (CS).
Our Board is represented by 22.2% women leaders, 44.4% foreign nationals, who are between 60 years and 71 years and have expertise in Finance, Global business, Cybersecurity, Information Technology,
Governance, Sustainability, ESG, Diversity, Sales & Marketing, Delivery, Risk management, Mergers and Acquisitions.
22. Turnover rate* for permanent employees and workers (Disclose trends for the past 3 years)
Turnover rate in fiscal 2025 (In %) Turnover rate in fiscal 2024 (In %) Turnover rate in fiscal 2023 (In %)
Male Female Total Male Female Total Male Female Total
Permanent employees 14.5 13.6 14.1 12.6 12.5 12.6 21.1 20.6 20.9
Other than permanent employees We do not calculate turnover of contract staff as they are hired for a fixed contract period, by design.
* Voluntary attrition for IT services excluding business process management services, products and platforms
V. Holding, Subsidiary and Associate Companies (including joint ventures)
23. (a) Names of holding / subsidiary / associate companies / joint ventures(1)
S. No. Name of the holding / subsidiary / Indicate whether holding / Subsidiary / % of shares held by listed entity Does the entity indicated at column
associate companies / joint ventures (A) Associate / Joint Venture A, participate in the Business
Responsibility initiatives of the listed
entity? (Yes/No)(2)
(1) Refer to Annexure 1 of the Board’s Report for information on holding and subsidiary companies /associate companies or joint ventures.
(2) Our subsidiaries contribute data required for the preparation of this report.
VI. CSR Details
24. (i) Whether CSR is applicable as per Section 135 of Companies Act, 2013: (Yes/No) Yes
(ii) Turnover (In ` crore)(1) 1,28,933
(iii) Net worth (In ` crore)(1) 81,176
(1) As per the standalone financial statements under Ind AS
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
VII. Transparency and Disclosures Compliances
25. Complaints / Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct:
Stakeholder group from whom Grievance Redressal Mechanism in Place Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
complaint is received (Yes/No) (If Yes, then provide web-link
for grievance redress policy)(1) Number of Number of Remarks Number of Number of Remarks
complaints complaints complaints complaints
filed during pending filed during pending
the year resolution at the year resolution at
close of the close of the
year year*
Communities Yes – – – –
Investors (Other than shareholders)(2) Yes – – – –
Shareholders Yes 228(2) 1(3) 819(2) –
Employees and workers Yes 176(4) 41(5) 207(4) 19
Customers(6) Yes 28 8 53 10
Value chain partners Yes – – – –
Other – – – –
(1) https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/Documents/CodeofConduct.pdf
(2) The Company has adopted a policy of classifying shareholders grievances / complaints. The Company does not track complaints from investors and shareholders separately.
(3) The Company has responded to the pending complaints.
(4) Employee complaints on health and safety and working conditions are included.
(5) As on May 20, 2025, 23 complaints are pending resolution.
(6) Complaints from customer projects primarily received through the complaints management system have been considered.
* Complaints pending resolution at the end of the previous year were subsequently closed.
26. Overview of the entity’s material responsible business conduct issues. Please indicate material responsible business conduct and sustainability issues pertaining to
environmental and social matters that present a risk or an opportunity to your business, rationale for identifying the same, approach to adapt or mitigate the risk along-with its
financial implications, as per the following format
S. Material issue Indicate Rationale for identifying the risk / In case of risk, approach to adapt or mitigate Financial implications of
No identified* whether risk or opportunity the risk or opportunity
opportunity (Indicate positive or negative
(R / O) implications)
1 Environment : Risk – Climate change risks are – Refer to the Infosys ESG data book 2024-25 for details Negative : Increased
Climate change increasingly manifesting in our on risk mitigations. operating costs in meeting
business as strategic, physical environmental standards in
and transitional (market and line with evolving regulatory
compliance) risks, which if not requirements
managed adequately, can affect
our operations, reputation and
profitability.
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
S. Material issue Indicate Rationale for identifying the risk / In case of risk, approach to adapt or mitigate Financial implications of
No identified* whether risk or opportunity the risk or opportunity
opportunity (Indicate positive or negative
(R / O) implications)
2 Environment : Opportunity – Increased revenue through Positive : Scope to improve
Engaging clients development and / or expansion Infosys’ competitiveness and
on climate of services to help our customers capitalize on evolving client
actions through manage their climate change preferences by leveraging our
our solutions risks. expertise in sustainability, low-
– Savings from use of lower- carbon transition and digital/IT
emission sources of energy to support our clients on their
sustainability and low-carbon
– Lead action globally on climate
journey
change through advocacy
3 Societal : Risk – Inability to facilitate best-in- – Employee engagement and support initiatives to Negative : Impact on employer
Facilitating class employee experience may improve employee connect with the organization. reputation, increased cost of
best-in-class impact our ability to attract, hire, – Holistic measures for employee retention and talent, etc.
employee train, engage and retain talent recognition of key and tenured employees.
experience
– Focus on career and leadership development programs
to develop next gen leaders.
4 Societal : Opportunity – The development and adoption Positive : Given the shortage
Tech for Good of advanced technologies, of digital talent, there is
platforms and including smart automation immense scope to create a
solutions for and artificial intelligence, talent pool to accelerate the
e-governance, have the potential to increase digital transformation journey
healthcare and productivity and solve larger of our customers.
education challenges for the benefit of the
community while facilitating the
achievement of the SDGs. Digital
technologies and platforms have
already been successfully used in
consumer technologies and offer
the opportunity to use them for
social good.
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
S. Material issue Indicate Rationale for identifying the risk / In case of risk, approach to adapt or mitigate Financial implications of
No identified* whether risk or opportunity the risk or opportunity
opportunity (Indicate positive or negative
(R / O) implications)
5 Governance : Risk – Cyber attacks that breach our – Improve the cybersecurity strategy, framework, Negative : Increased operating
Data privacy information network and / or processes, policies and controls to enhance cyber cost to hire and train talent and
and information failure to protect sensitive and resilience. technology investments
management confidential information of our – Improve the data privacy framework, policies, processes
stakeholders in accordance with and controls
applicable laws and contractual – Multi-layered governance process with executive and
obligations may impact our
Board oversight to review the cybersecurity and data
operations, client satisfaction or privacy risks and our preparedness to mitigate and
result in significant regulatory
respond to such risks.
penalties.
– Continued investment in technologies to create
defense in depth in order to address risks posed by
evolving cyber threat landscape
– Close collaboration with cyber intelligence and forensic
consultants to identify and prepare for emerging
cybersecurity threats, periodic table-top exercises and
maintain the cybersecurity crisis plan up to date
– Continuous monitoring of regulatory landscape
– Regular awareness mailers and workshops along with
strong consequence management process
– Trainings and workshops for employees on security by
design
– Strong encryption, data backup and recovery
mechanism to ensure business continuity during any
crisis
– The Cyber Risk Assessment Framework aligned to
ISO 31000, ISO 27001, and ISO 27005
6 Governance : Opportunity – Increasing revenue from Positive : Minimize
Being cybersecurity service offerings cybersecurity and data privacy
recognized and solutions breach threats to Infosys
as industry – Higher client confidence in our and our customers through
leader in our ability to service them advanced cybersecurity
information solutions and adoption of
security leading data privacy standards
practices and
adoption
of leading
data privacy
standards
* For the complete list of material topics, read ESG report 2025: Materiality and stakeholder engagement.
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Section B: Management and process disclosures
This section is aimed at helping businesses demonstrate the structures, policies and processes put in place towards adopting the NGRBC Principles and Core Elements.
Disclosure Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Policy and management processes
1a. Whether your entity’s Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
policy/policies cover each
principle and its core
elements of the NGRBCs.
(Yes/No)
1b. Has the policy been Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
approved by the Board?
(Yes/No)
1c. Web Link of the Refer to the Refer to the Refer to Refer to our Refer to our Refer to our Refer to our Refer to our Refer to our
Policies, if available Whistleblower Responsible Infosys Code of CSR Policy and Infosys Code of HSE Policy(1), ESG Vision 2030 CSR Policy(2), Infosys Code
Policy, Supply Chain Conduct and ESG Vision 2030 Conduct and ESG Vision 2030 Responsible of Conduct
Infosys Code of and Supplier Ethics, Ethics Supply Chain and Ethics,
Conduct and Diversity Policy HSE Policy(2) and Supplier ESG Vision
Ethics Diversity Policy 2030, Privacy
statement(1)
(1) Approved by the Executive Leadership
(2) Not extended to Suppliers
2. Whether the entity has Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
translated the policy into
procedures. (Yes / No)
3. Do the enlisted policies Yes Yes Yes No Yes No No Yes No
extend to your value
chain partners? (Yes/No)
4. Name of the national ISO 9001:2015; ISO 9001:2015, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 9001:2015,
and international codes/ GRI Standard GRI Standard GRI Standard GRI Standard ISO 14001:2015, GRI Standard ISO 14001:2015, ISO 14001:2015, GRI Standard
certifications/labels/ 2021, UNGC 2021, 2021, ISO 2021, ISO ISO 45001:2018, 2021, ISO 45001:2018, ISO 45001:2018, 2021,
standards (e.g. Forest Principles, ISO 14001:2015, 45001:2018, 14001:2015, ISO GRI Standard ISO 14001:2015, GRI Standard GRI Standard ISO 27001:2022,
Stewardship Council, OECD– ISO 45001:2018, Universal 45001:2018 2021, Universal ISO 14068:1, ISO 2021, UNGC 2021, ISO 27701:2019,
Fairtrade, Rainforest Principles of ISO 50001:2018, Declaration Declaration 45001:2018, Principles, UN SDGs ISO 42001:2023,
Alliance, Trustea)
Corporate CMMi 2.0 of Human of Human ISO 22301:2019, SASB IT SASB IT
standards (e.g. SA
Governance, Rights, ILO Rights, ILO ISO 50001:2018
8000, OHSAS, ISO, BIS)
UN SDGs, Declaration on Declaration on SASB,
adopted by your entity
SASB IT Fundamental Fundamental TCFD, UN
and mapped to each
Principles Principles SDGs, Carbon
principle.
and Rights at and Rights at Disclosure
Work, UNGC Work, UNGC Project (CDP),
Principles, Principles SASB IT
SASB IT
5. Specific commitments, In 2020, we became carbon neutral, 30 years ahead of the timeline set by the Paris Agreement. In October 2020, we launched our ESG vision and ambitions
goals and targets set by for 2030. In 2025, we renewed our ESG Vision 2030 and committed to further progress on our ESG ambitions.
the entity with defined
timelines, if any.
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
6. Performance of Yes. The details of our performance on our ESG goals are available in the chapters Approaching value creation and Delivering value in this Integrated Annual
the entity against the Report and ESG Report 2025.
specific commitments,
goals and targets along-
with reasons in case the
same are not met.
Governance, leadership and oversight
7. Statement by director responsible for the business responsibility report, highlighting ESG-related challenges, targets and achievements
“Infosys is committed to nurturing a sustainable and socially responsible business. The company’s ongoing ESG aspirations are reflected in the Infosys ESG Vision 2030 that
articulates how the company can continue to be a well-governed organization and inclusive workplace for diverse talent with community strategies to leverage technology
for good.”
Salil Parekh
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
Information on ESG-related challenges, targets and achievements is available in the chapters Approaching value creation and Delivering value in this Integrated Annual Report.
8. Details of the highest authority responsible for implementation and oversight of the Business Responsibility policy (ies).
Policy Implementation – authority Oversight – authority Composition of highest authority responsible for
oversight
Whistleblower Policy and Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Audit Committee Refer to the Audit Committee section in the Corporate
Infosys Code of Conduct and Ethics Officer governance report of this Integrated Annual Report
Responsible Supply Chain and Group Head – Procurement ESG Committee Refer to the ESG Committee section in the Corporate
Supplier Diversity Policy and governance report of this Integrated Annual Report
Supplier Code of Conduct
CSR Policy Global Head – Corporate Accounting & CSR Committee Refer to the CSR Committee section in the Corporate
Taxation, Facilities, Infrastructure and Security governance report of this Integrated Annual Report
ESG Vision 2030 Chief Financial Officer ESG Committee Refer to the ESG Committee section in the Corporate
governance report of this Integrated Annual Report
9. Does the entity have a specified Committee of the Board/ Director responsible for decision making on sustainability related issues? (Yes / No). If yes, provide details.
Yes, the ESG Committee of the Board.
Name of the director Designation/category DIN number
Chitra Nayak – Chairperson Independent director DIN: 09101763
Govind Iyer Independent director DIN: 00169343
Helene Auriol Potier Independent director DIN: 10166891
Read more in the ESG Committee report in the Corporate governance report of this Integrated Annual Report.
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Subject for Review Indicate whether review was undertaken by Frequency (Annually/ Half yearly/ Quarterly/ Any
Director / Committee of the Board/ Any other other – please specify)
Committee
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
10. Details of Review Performance against above policies and Committee of the Board
Annually
of NGRBCs by the follow up action
Company:
Compliance with statutory requirements Committee of the Board
of relevance to the principles, and, Quarterly
rectification of any non-compliances
11. Has the entity carried Principles P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
out independent
assessment/ evaluation
of the working of its
Answer Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
policies by an external
agency? (Yes/No). If yes,
provide name of the
agency.
Notes:
• BSI (Beijing) conducted the ISO 9001: 2015 and ISO 27001: 2022 audits at our China location.
• BVC conducted ISO 9001: 2015, ISO 27001: 2022, ISO 22301: 2019, ISO 20000:2018, AS 9100 and ISO 27701: 2019.
• DNV conducted ISO 14001:2015, ISO 45001:2018, ISO 50001:2018 and ISO 14068
12. If answer to Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
question (1) above is
“No” i.e. not all principles The entity does not consider the
are covered by a policy, Principles material to its business
reasons to be stated (Yes/No)
The entity is not at a stage where it is in a
position to formulate and implement the
policies on specified principles (Yes/No)
Not applicable
The entity does not have the financial or/
human and technical resources available
for the task (Yes/No)
It is planned to be done in the next
financial year (Yes/No)
Any other reason (please specify)
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Section C: Principle-wise performance disclosure
This section is aimed at helping entities demonstrate their performance in integrating the principles and core elements with key processes and decisions. The information sought is
categorized as “Essential” and “Leadership”. While the essential indicators are expected to be disclosed by every entity that is mandated to file this report, the leadership indicators
may be voluntarily disclosed by entities which aspire to progress to a higher level in their quest to be socially, environmentally and ethically responsible.
PRINCIPLE 1 Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is
ethical, transparent and accountable.
Essential Indicators
1. Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the Principles during the financial year:
Segment Total number Topics / principles covered under the training and its impact % age of persons in
of training and respective category covered
awareness programs by the awareness programs
held
Board of Directors and Board Committees 1 The Board members attended a session which emphasized global 100
sustainability trends, policies, regulatory environment and related
topics. Refer to the Training of Board members section in the Corporate
Governance report in the Integrated Annual Report.
Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)(1) 5 Infosys Code of Conduct and Ethics, climate change, environmental 100
sustainability, social sustainability, data privacy and cybersecurity
Employees other than BoD and KMPs(1) 5 Infosys Code of Conduct and Ethics, climate change, environmental 100
sustainability, social sustainability, data privacy and cybersecurity
Workers NA NA NA
(1) Apart from year-long awareness campaigns through email on responsible business and related topics, all our employees have access to an exclusive learning channel on Lex, our internal learning
platform and Infosys Springboard, our flagship digital learning platform.
2. Details of fines / penalties /punishment / award / compounding fees / settlement amount paid in proceedings (by the entity or by directors / KMPs) with regulators/ law
enforcement agencies / judicial institutions, in the financial year, in the following format (Note: the entity shall make disclosures on the basis of materiality as specified in
Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Obligations) Regulations, 2015 and as disclosed on the entity’s website):
Monetary
NGRBC Name of the regulatory/ Amount (in Brief of the Case Has an appeal been
Principle enforcement agencies/ INR) preferred? (Yes/No)
judicial institutions
3, 5 Ministry of Finance, British 8.0 crore Penalties for 2019 to 2021 levied by the British Columbia Ministry under No
Columbia (Canada) the Employer Health Tax Act for late filing/ payment.
Penalty / fine
3, 5 Ministry of Finance, Ontario 0.8 crore Penalty levied by the Ontario Ministry for 2020 under the Employer No
Health Tax Act for late filing.
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
1 Securities and Exchange 0.25 crore In respect of Settlement Application filed by Salil Parekh, CEO & MD of No
Settlement Board of India the Company, SEBI has passed a Settlement order dated June 26, 2024 .
The details of the order are disclosed at https://www.bseindia.com/xml-
data/corpfiling/AttachHis/65ed7595-2c31-4c35-af19-2e82294486cc.pdf
Compounding fee – – – –
Non-Monetary
NGRBC Principle Name of the regulatory/ enforcement Brief of the Case Has an appeal been preferred? (Yes/No)
agencies/ judicial institutions
Imprisonment – – –
Punishment – – –
3. Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/ Revision preferred in cases where monetary or non-monetary action has been appealed.
Case Details Name of the regulatory/ enforcement agencies
Not applicable
4. Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available, provide a web-link to the policy.
Yes. Our Code of Conduct and Ethics complies with the legal requirements of applicable laws and regulations, including anti-bribery, anti-corruption and ethical
handling of conflicts of interest. Additionally, we also have an Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption (ABAC) Policy (available in the Company intranet), which provides the
requirements on ABAC in detail.
5. Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law enforcement agency for the charges of bribery/ corruption:
Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
Directors – –
KMPs – –
Employees – –
Workers NA NA
6. Details of complaints with regard to conflict of interest:
Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
Number Remarks Number Remarks
Number of complaints received in relation – –
to issues of conflict of interest of the
Directors
Number of complaints received in relation – –
to issues of conflict of interest of the KMPs
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
7. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to fines / penalties / action taken by regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial
institutions, on cases of corruption and conflicts of interest.
Not applicable
8. Number of days of accounts payables ((Accounts payable *365) / Cost of goods/services procured) in the following format:
Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
Number of days of accounts payable 41 43
9. Open-ness of business
Provide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related parties along-with loans and advances & investments, with related parties,
in the following format:
Parameter Metrics Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
Concentration of Purchases(1) a. Purchases from trading houses as % of total purchases – –
b. Number of trading houses where purchases are made
– –
from
c. Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of total
purchases from – –
trading houses
Concentration of Sales a. Sales to dealers / distributors as % of total sales
b. Number of dealers / distributors to whom sales are
made – –
c. Sales to top 10 dealers / distributors as % of total sales
to dealers / distributors
Share of RPTs in(2) a. Purchases (Purchases with related parties / Total
– –
purchases)
b. Sales (Sales to related parties / Total sales) – –
c. Loans and advances (Loans and advances given to
– –
related parties / Total loans and advances)
d. Investments (Investments in related parties / Total
– –
investments made)
(1) Based on methodology adopted by the company no trading houses were identified
(2) As per the consolidated financial statements under Ind AS
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Leadership Indicators
1. Awareness programmes conducted for value chain partners on any of the Principles during the financial year:
Total number of awareness programs held Topics / principles covered under the training(1) % age of value chain partners covered (by value of business
done with such partners) under the awareness programs(2)
5(1) Climate change and best practices in data capture, monitoring, 94.4
and reporting on climate change disclosures, water
management, waste management, human rights, occupational
health and safety, Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption
(1) 9,000+ suppliers were enabled on ESG awareness programs through the ESG learning portal.
(2) Our assessment covers upstream value chain partners (suppliers).
2. Does the entity have processes in place to avoid/ manage conflict of interests involving members of the Board? (Yes/No) If Yes, provide details of the same.
Yes, the Company has established robust processes to avoid and manage conflicts of interest involving members of the Board. These include:
1. Declaration of Interest: All Board members are required to disclose their financial interests, affiliations, or relationships that could influence their decision-making at the
time of their appointment and periodically thereafter, in compliance with statutory requirements.
2. Code of Conduct: The Company has adopted a formal Code of Conduct that defines what constitutes a conflict of interest and provides clear guidelines for identifying
and managing conflicts of interest.
3. Recusal procedures: In cases where a potential conflict of interest is identified, the concerned Board member is required to recuse from discussions and voting on the
relevant agenda item.
4. Approval requirements: Transactions involving entities in which the directors have an interest require the prior approval of the Board. If such transactions exceed the
prescribed threshold, the approval of the shareholders is also required.
PRINCIPLE 2:
Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe
Essential indicators
1. Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in specific technologies to improve the environmental and social impacts of product and processes to
total R&D and capex investments made by the entity, respectively.
Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 Details of improvements in environmental and social impacts
R&D(1) 16.9 20.7 Education, training and assessment of employees to upskill and
reskill. Technology to improve environmental and social products
and processes
Capex(1) 1.5 3.4 Efficient equipment for cooling, lighting, renewable energy, water
management, waste management and sustainable material
(1) Based on standalone financial statements under Ind AS
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
2a. Does the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing? (Yes/No)
Yes. Infosys has adopted a Responsible Supply Chain & Supplier Diversity Policy as well as a Green Procurement Policy to strengthen its commitment to responsible sourcing.
Suppliers are also required to mandatorily sign the Supplier Code of Conduct. A large majority of the Company’s suppliers are covered through the responsible sourcing program.
Periodic ESG assessments are conducted internally as well as through a third party.
2b. If yes, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably?
All our procurements follow the principles of sustainable sourcing. We require suppliers to accept the Supplier Code of Conduct, which is based on the UNGC Principles.
3. Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling and disposing at the end of life, for
(a) Plastics (including packaging)
(b) E-waste
Not applicable. We don’t manufacture any products. We are an IT services company.
(c) Hazardous waste
(d) Other waste
4. Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity’s activities (Yes / No): No
If yes, whether the waste collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted to Pollution Control Boards?
If not, provide steps taken to address the same.
Not applicable
Leadership Indicators
1. Has the entity conducted Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) for any of its products (for manufacturing industry) or for its services (for service industry)? If yes,
provide details in the following format?
Not applicable
2. If there are any significant social or environmental concerns and / or risks arising from production or disposal of your products / services, as identified in the Life Cycle
Perspective / Assessments (LCA) or through any other means, briefly describe the same along-with action taken to mitigate the same
Not applicable
3. Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in production (for manufacturing industry) or providing services (for service industry).
Not applicable. We are an IT services company, we don’t manufacture any products.
4. Of the products and packaging collected at end of life of products, amount (in metric tonnes) reused, recycled, and safely disposed, as per the following format:
Not applicable. We are an IT services company, we don’t manufacture any products.
5. Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each product category.
Not applicable. We are an IT services company, we don’t manufacture any products.
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
PRINCIPLE 3:
Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value chains
Essential indicators
1a. Details of measures for the well-being of employees:
% of employees covered by
Category Total (A) Health insurance Accident insurance Maternity benefits Paternity benefits Daycare facilities
Number (B) % (B / A) Number (C) % (C / A) Number (D) % (D / A) Number (E) % (E / A) Number (F) % (F / A)
Permanent employees
Male 1,97,246 1,97,246 100 1,97,246 100 NA NA 1,97,246 100 – –
Female 1,26,332 1,26,332 100 1,26,332 100 1,26,332 100 NA NA – –
Total 3,23,578 3,23,578 100 3,23,578 100 1,26,332 100 1,97,246 100 – –
Other than permanent employees
Male
Female Vendors and contractors are required to adhere to statutory compliances as per the respective rules of the state.
Total
(1) We provide onsite, proximity and network (near-home) childcare support options for our employees in India, based on their preference.
1b. Details of measures for the well-being of workers:
Not applicable
1c. Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and workers (including permanent and other than permanent) in the following format
Fiscal 2025* Fiscal 2024
Cost incurred on well- being measures as a % of total revenue of the company 1.3 1.1
* Based on SEBI’s Industry Standards on reporting of BRSR Core
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
2. Details of retirement benefits, for current financial year and previous financial year.
Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
Benefits No. of employees No. of workers Deducted and No. of employees No. of workers Deducted and
covered as a % of covered as a % of deposited with the covered as a % of covered as a % of deposited with the
total employees total workers authority (Y/N/N.A.) total employees total workers authority (Y/N/N.A.)
PF(1) 100 NA Y 100 NA Y
Gratuity(1) 100 NA Y 100 NA Y
ESI(2) 3.5 NA Y 5 NA Y
National Pension Scheme (NPS)(3) 3.7 NA Y 2.8 NA Y
Others – superannuation(4) 12.9 NA Y 10 NA Y
This table represents retirement benefits for the employees working in India. All our employees working outside India are eligible for retirement benefits according to applicable laws in the regions
we operate.
(1) All eligible employees are covered.
(2) All eligible employees covered under the Employees State Insurance Act (“ESIC”), 1948 are provided the benefit.
(3) Pertains to contribution made by employers for employees who have opted for the same.
(4) Eligible employees are participants to superannuation retirement fund.
3. Accessibility of workplaces
Are the premises / offices of the entity accessible to differently abled employees and workers, as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If
not, whether any steps are being taken by the entity in this regard.
Yes. The premises / offices of Infosys in India are accessible to differently-abled employees and workers, as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016.
4. Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If so, provide a web-link to the policy.
Yes, the entity has an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016. The policy of the Company is available on the website at https://www.infosys.
com/careers/discover/culture/documents/diversity-inclusion-policy.pdf.
5. Return to work and Retention rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental leave.
Gender Permanent employees(1) Permanent workers
Return to work rate (In %) Retention rate (In %)(2) Return to work rate (In %) Retention rate (In %)
Male 99.9 83.8 NA NA
Female 99.4 78.9 NA NA
Total 99.6 81.2 NA NA
(1) 100% of our permanent employees are eligible for parental leaves subject to policy conditions.
(2) Based on the recommendations of GRI standard 401-3.
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
6. Is there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories of employees and worker? If yes, give details of the mechanism in brief.
Yes/No (If Yes, then give details of the mechanism in brief)
Permanent workers
Other than permanent NA
workers
Permanent employees Yes, Infosys is committed to providing a safe and positive work environment as enshrined in our Code of Conduct. Employees and contract staff have
access to a well-established robust grievance resolution mechanism known as Resolution hubs where they can highlight matters or concerns faced at
Other than permanent
the workplace.
employees
For more information, refer to Resolution hubs available in the Management Discussion and Analysis section of this Integrated Annual Report.
7. Membership of employees and worker in association(s) or Unions recognised by the listed entity:
Category Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
Total employees / No. of employees / % (B / A) Total employees / No. of employees / % (D / C)
workers in respective workers in respective workers in respective workers in respective
category (A) category, who are category (C) category, who are
part of association(s) part of association(s)
or Union (B) or Union (D)
Total permanent 3,23,578 2,713* 0.8 3,17,240 2,430* 0.8
employees
Male 1,97,246 1,845 0.9 1,92,671 1,724 0.9
Female 1,26,332 868 0.7 1,24,569 706 0.6
Total permanent workers
Male NA
Female
* Excludes employees who are part of Works Councils.
8. Details of training of employees and worker (% to total no. of employees / workers in the category):
Category Fiscal 2025(1) Fiscal 2024(1)
Total (A) On health and safety On skill upgradation Total (D) On health and safety On skill upgradation
measures(2) measures(2)
No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A) No. (E) % (E / D) No. (F) % (F / D)
Male 1,97,246 1,97,246 100 1,75,377 88.9 1,92,671 1,92,671 100 1,79,663 93.2
Female 1,26,332 1,26,332 100 1,12,388 89.0 1,24,569 1,24,569 100 1,15,925 93.1
Total 3,23,578 3,23,578 100 2,87,765 88.9 3,17,240 3,17,240 100 2,95,588 93.2
Total permanent workers
Male NA
Female
(1) Only for permanent employees
(2) Includes awareness programs
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
9. Details of performance and career development reviews of employees and workers
Category Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
Total (A)(1) No. (B) % (B / A) Total (C)(1) No. (D) % (D / C)
Employees
Male 1,77,052 1,77,052 100 1,57,504 1,57,504 100
Female 1,15,011 1,15,011 100 1,02,420 1,02,420 100
Total 2,92,063 2,92,063 100 2,59,924 2,59,924 100
Total permanent workers
Male NA
Female
(1) 100% of eligible employees have received performance and career development reviews.
10. Health and safety management system:
10a. Whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented by the entity? (Yes / No). If yes, the coverage of such system?
Yes. Infosys recognizes and accords highest priority to safety and well-being of its employees and other relevant parties. Our HSE Policy enunciates our philosophy and
commitment towards the management of key Health, Safety and Environmental (HSE) aspects. In line with our strategy, our Health, Safety and Environmental Management System
(HSEMS) at all India locations is certified to ISO 45001:2018 standard. HSEMS is implemented at all our overseas locations based on legal requirements / internal benchmarks and
have also included them in the internal audits cycle. We have established numerous interventions to address occupational health-related topics such as emotional well-being,
mental health, ergonomics, safety, lifestyle diseases and more. Well-equipped occupational health centers are available at all our campuses in India. During the year, doctors and
physiotherapists have helped employees and their families through virtual consultations leveraging our telemedicine portal. More details on Occupational Health and Safety are
available on our website at https://www.infosys.com/about/corporate-responsibility/social/employee-wellbeing/occupational-health-safety.html.
10b. What are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine basis by the entity?
We proactively identify occupational health and safety risks, for all existing / new / modified activities, processes, products or services, and regulatory changes, including routine
and non-routine activities. Risk assessment includes quarterly evaluation of incidents that have occurred. Hazardous conditions, if any, are identified and prioritized for elimination
and control. Once the identified hierarchy of controls is implemented, the risk assessment is revisited to assess the residual risks. As Infosys is an IT / ITES company, there are no
product risks, but there are risks associated with the provision of services such as ergonomics at work and those associated with the operation of utilities and employees’ commute.
Participation and consultation with relevant personnel involved in the activities is ensured during the risk assessments. Risks are also assessed before and after the development
of new buildings. Experience from previous projects and ongoing operations is also considered. We continually monitor our construction sites where infrastructure is being built.
More details on Occupational Health and Safety are available on our website at https://www.infosys.com/about/corporate-responsibility/social/employee-wellbeing/occupational-
health-safety.html.
10c. Whether you have processes for workers to report the work-related hazards and to remove themselves from such risks. (Y / N)
Yes. We have a process for employees and ‘other than permanent’ employees to report work-related hazards.
10d. Do the employees/ worker of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services?
Yes
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
11. Details of safety related incidents, in the following format:
Safety Incident/Number Category Fiscal 2025(1) Fiscal 2024(1)
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) (per one Employees(2) 0.088 0.127
million-person hours worked)
Workers(3) NA NA
Total recordable work-related injuries Employees(2) 20 23
Workers(3) NA NA
No. of fatalities Employees(2) 1 0
Workers(3) NA NA
High consequence work-related injury or ill-health Employees(2) 0 0
(excluding fatalities)
Workers(3) NA NA
(1) India operations
(2) Includes ‘other than permanent’ employees
(3) Infosys does not have workers.
12. Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy work place.
Infosys acknowledges that Occupational Health and Safety (OH&S) is one of the key aspects of sustainable business practices. OH&S policies, processes, and practices at
Infosys promote the physical, emotional, and social well-being of employees in the workplace. The robust Health and Safety Management system at Infosys has earned us
the certification of ISO 45001:2018 for all Indian locations, including Infosys Limited and its subsidiaries, in line with our HSE strategy.
The Company has implemented the following measures to ensure a safe and healthy workplace:
1. Incident management: Incidents, which include near misses / potential hazards / accidents, are reported through internal applications or email. The causes of incidents
are identified, analyzed and appropriate corrective actions are taken to prevent recurrence or occurrence of incidents leading to injuries / losses.
2. OH&S Committee: Both employees and contract workers are part of the Infosys OH&S Committee, which helps in ensuring their active participation and consultation.
3. Training and awareness: Training includes awareness building, mock drills, classroom sessions and periodic demonstrations. HSEMS training is a part of our employee
induction program. To enable continuous learning, an HSE awareness module is available on Lex, our internal learning platform. For contract staff, job-specific and
general training is provided during induction and later through refresher training.
4. Safety interventions: We have always focused on building a culture of safety at Infosys. The safety systems in place include work permits, trainings, Lock Out Tag
Out (LOTO), safety inspections, audits, operational controls, and monitoring. Policies have been established focusing on specific areas such as women’s safety, lone
working, transport, travel, construction and others.
5. Medical services: We have set up first aid centers on our campuses in India. Some of the first aid facilities are operational round the clock. Our telemedicine portal
continues to operate and allows our employees to consult the doctors at our occupational health centers in India online. We have ambulance services available or have
arrangements for ambulances to be made available at all our India-based locations.
6. Health Risk Assessment (HRA): HRA is conducted annually based on inputs from the OHC. Being an IT / ITES company, the prevalent risks include ergonomics,
Musculoskeletal Disorders (MSDs), emotional well-being, etc., associated with the workplace, operation of utilities, and commute. Numerous initiatives, interventions,
engagement virtual sessions, and process controls are in place to address these risks.
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
7. Programs on ergonomics: These include on-site physiotherapy centers, interventions by ergonomic experts and the provision of ergonomic infrastructure.
8. Physical and emotional well-being: We have nutritionists at our locations in India to provide counseling and guidance. We have also set up state-of-the-art gyms to
train physical and mental fitness.
9. Programs for mothers: Pregna Care, a professional healthcare program, is specially designed for expectant mothers and aims to provide maximum comfort for the
mother.
10. Working environment: We also focus on improving the working environment by monitoring indoor air quality, lux and noise levels and promoting the use of green seal
chemicals.
13. Number of complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
Filed during the year Pending resolution Remarks Filed during the year Pending resolution at Remarks
at the end of year the end of year
Working conditions 35 3 The resolution of complaints 16 0 –
which are in progress relate to
modifications in infrastructure
which is currently underway
The resolution of complaints
which are in progress relate to
Health and safety
modifications in infrastructure
25 2 which is currently underway 11 0 –
14. Assessment for the year for health and safety:
Our Health, Safety and Environmental Management System (HSEMS) is certified to ISO 45001:2018 standard audited by certifying bodies annually. The scope of HSEMS is applicable
to all activities, which are a part of our operations and employees working for and on behalf of the Company, including deputees at client sites. Safety and well-being of our
employees is accorded the highest priority. Our internal Corporate Certification Audits and Assessments Team (CCAT) conducts periodic assessments across Infosys locations
annually.
Assessments for the year % of your plants and offices that were assessed (by entity or statutory authorities or third parties)(1)
Health and safety practices 100
Working conditions 100
(1) India operations, as per the internal assessment plan for the year.
15. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway to address safety-related incidents (if any) and on significant risks / concerns arising from assessments of
health and safety practices and working conditions.
There have been no significant risks / concerns arising from assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions. Stringent operation controls such as maker and
checker control points are deployed across the operational areas. These are also monitored on a periodic basis.
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Leadership indicators
1. Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory package in the event of death of (A) employee (Y / N) (B) worker (Y / N)
(A) Yes
(B) Not applicable
2. Provide the measures undertaken by the entity to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and deposited by the value chain partners.
The Company periodically audits value chain partners to ensure timely deduction and deposit of statutory dues.
3. Provide the number of employees / workers having suffered high consequence work-related injury / ill-health / fatalities (as reported in Q11 of Essential indicators above),
who have been are rehabilitated and placed in suitable employment or whose family members have been placed in suitable employment
Total no. of affected employees / workers No. of employees / workers that are rehabilitated and placed in suitable
employment or whose family members have been placed in suitable employment
Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
Employees 1 0 0 0
Workers NA NA NA NA
4. Does the entity provide transition assistance programs to facilitate continued employability and the management of career endings resulting from retirement or
termination of employment? (Yes / No)
Yes
5. Details on assessment of value chain partners
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed*
Working conditions 85.8
Health and safety 85.8
* We have completed ESG assessment of 800+ upstream suppliers as on March 31, 2025.
6. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from assessments of health and safety practices and working
conditions of value chain partners
There were no significant risks / concerns arising from assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain partners.
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
PRINCIPLE 4: Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders
Essential indicators
1. Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity
We identify and prioritize our stakeholders based on the impact of the Company on the stakeholders and the ability of the stakeholder groups to influence the functioning of the
Company. As part of the materiality assessment, we have identified six key stakeholder groups: Investors/shareholders, clients, employees and sub-contractors, suppliers/partners,
government/regulators and the community. The ESG Committee of the Board also approves the continued relevance of the material matters encompassing the views of our
stakeholders on an annual basis.
2. List stakeholder groups identified as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with each stakeholder group.
Stakeholder group Whether identified Channels of communication (Email, SMS, newspaper, Frequency of Purpose and scope of engagement
as vulnerable or pamphlets, advertisement, community meetings, notice engagement including key topics and concerns raised
marginalized board, website, others (please specify) (Annually/ Half- during such engagement
(Yes/No) yearly/ Quarterly
/ others – please
specify)
Investors No • Investors calls, emails, and personal meetings Ongoing • To answer queries of investors on
• Analyst meets Infosys’ ambitions and progress
• Conferences (including broker-led events) • Build transparency with existing and
potential investors
• Quarterly results
• Annual General Meeting
• Sustainability report
• Financial reports
• India stock exchange filings (NSE and BSE)
• US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings
• Press releases
• Social media
Employees No • Employee satisfaction surveys Ongoing • Communicate the employee value
• Employee resource groups proposition
• Resolution hubs and whistleblower mechanism • Keep a finger on pulse of employee
engagement
• Communication blogs
• Provide an opportunity to raise
• Development centers’ engagement initiatives
concerns
• InfyMe (Intranet) and podcasts
• Training and development
• Employee recognition and
engagement activities
• Performance review and career
development
• Employee health, safety, and
well being
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Stakeholder group Whether identified Channels of communication (Email, SMS, newspaper, Frequency of Purpose and scope of engagement
as vulnerable or pamphlets, advertisement, community meetings, notice engagement including key topics and concerns raised
marginalized board, website, others (please specify) (Annually/ Half- during such engagement
(Yes/No) yearly/ Quarterly
/ others – please
specify)
Clients No • Client visits and meetings Ongoing • Engage with clients on Infosys
• Customer satisfaction surveys solutions and services, including
climate change solutions
• Annual customer conclaves
• Seek client feedback on our solutions
and services and continuously
improve to meet their expectations
• Develop relationships and
partnerships with clients enabling
delivery of high-quality client
services and solutions
• Communicate Infosys’ credentials
including ESG credentials
Government and No • Engagement with government and global forums Ongoing • Share ESG best practices
regulatory bodies • Policy advocacy and representations • Participate in forums to strengthen
• Engagement with industry, government and regulatory the adoption of responsible business
bodies practices
• Participate / assist in the
development of regulations / public
policies
• Share a perspective on global
standards and alignment with
international benchmarking
Communities Yes • Meetings with associations / NGOs Ongoing • Enable access to digital skilling
• Local community interactions • Serve the community through Tech
• Social media for Good programs in education,
healthcare, and governance
• Enable participation of diverse
communities in the economy
• CSR engagement
Suppliers No • Suppliers meet, Sambandh (bi-annual) Ongoing • Keep a finger on pulse on supplier
• ESG report engagement
• Supplier engagement on ESG • Provide an opportunity to raise
concerns
• Training and development
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Leadership indicators
1. Provide the processes for consultation between stakeholders and the Board on economic, environmental, and social topics or if consultation is delegated, how is
feedback from such consultations provided to the Board.
We have identified our most material issues through a data-driven and consultative exercise. The material topics were shortlisted and prioritized based on their impact on our
stakeholders and our business. Periodic meetings were held to update the sub-committees of the Board.
2. Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the identification and management of environmental, and social topics (Yes / No). If so, provide details of instances
as to how the inputs received from stakeholders on these topics were incorporated into policies and activities of the entity.
Yes. Our material topics were shortlisted and prioritized based on their impact on our stakeholders and our business. The material topics and the linked ambitions can be accessed
through our ESG Vision 2030 and performance updates through our annual ESG Reports.
3. Provide details of instances of engagement with, and actions taken to, address the concerns of vulnerable / marginalized stakeholder groups.
Infosys Foundation was set up to support underprivileged sections of society, create opportunities and strive towards a more equitable society. Infosys contributes as a part of
its CSR initiatives to Infosys Foundation. The Foundation engages with the community, especially vulnerable and marginalized stakeholder groups, in a variety of focus areas. For
information on the percentage of beneficiaries of the CSR projects, refer to Principle 8, Q.6 (Leadership Indicators) in this report. Read the Infosys Foundation annual reports at
https://www.infosys.com/infosys-foundation/.
PRINCIPLE 5: Businesses should respect and promote human rights
Essential indicators
1. Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy(ies) of the entity, in the following format:
Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
No. of employees / No. of employees /
Total (A) % (B / A)* Total (C) % (D / C)*
workers covered (B) workers covered (D)
Employees
Permanent 3,23,578 3,18,667 98.4 3,17,240 3,10,135 97.7
Other than permanent(1) 25,018 25,018 100 23,447 19,346 82.5
Total employees 3,48,596 3,43,685 98.6 3,40,687 3,29,481 96.7
Workers
Permanent NA NA NA NA NA NA
Other than permanent NA NA NA NA NA NA
Total workers NA NA NA NA NA NA
* The Code of Conduct expresses Infosys’ commitment to conducting business ethically and in accordance with the values of the Company while respecting the human rights of all stakeholders.
All employees are trained on the Code during their induction into the organization. Our Human Rights Statement is a part of the Code of Conduct which is approved by the Board on an annual basis.
(1) Considering the Supplier Code of Conduct is mandatorily applicable to all suppliers
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
2. Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers, in the following format:
Infosys operates in 59 countries, and employees are hired across geographies. The legal minimum wage is defined based on various parameters such as tenure, role, location,
citizenship status, etc., and it varies by country and even by state within some countries. We have defined detailed processes considering these parameters to ensure the employees
are paid according to local regulations and we are compliant with local laws, as applicable.
Category Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
Total Equal to minimum wage More than minimum wage Total Equal to minimum wage More than minimum wage
employees employees
(A)* No. (B) % (B /A) No. (C) % (C /A) (D) No. (E) % (E /D) No. (F) % (F /D)
Permanent employees
Male 1,64,758 1,919 1.16 1,62,839 98.84 1,61,214 1,345 0.83 1,59,869 99.17
Female 1,05,738 2,431 2.30 1,03,307 97.70 1,04,118 1,743 1.67 1,02,375 98.33
Other than permanent employees
Male
Vendors and contractors are required to adhere to statutory compliances as per the state rules.
Female
* India only
3. Details of remuneration/salary/wages:
a. Median remuneration/wages:
Male Female
Median remuneration / salary / wages of Median remuneration /
Number Number
respective category (` crore)(1) salary / wages of respective category (` crore)(1)
Board of Directors (BoD) 6 2.35 2 2.51
Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)(2) 3 3.11 – –
Junior 61,837 0.04 52,898 0.04
Employees(3) other Middle 98,126 0.12 63,938 0.10
than BoD and KMP Senior 37,280 0.29 9,496 0.24
Total 1,97,246 0.11 1,26,332 0.08
Workers NA NA NA NA
As on March 31, 2025
(1) Based on SEBI’s Industry Standards on reporting of BRSR Core
(2) Remuneration to Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director (CEO & MD) has been included in KMP.
(3) Includes permanent employees only
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
b. Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity, in the following format
Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages* 29.1 29.4
* Includes permanent employees only and for fiscal 2025, based on SEBI’s Industry Standards on reporting of BRSR Core
4. Do you have a focal point (Individual / Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues caused or contributed to by the business? (Yes / No)
Yes
5. Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.
Infosys is committed to providing a safe and positive work environment as enshrined in our Code of Conduct. Employees and contract staff have access to a well-established robust
grievance resolution mechanism known as Resolution hubs where they can highlight matters or concerns faced at the workplace including those pertaining to human rights.
For more information, refer to Resolution hubs available in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis section of this Integrated Annual Report.
6. Number of complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
Filed during Pending resolution at Remarks Filed during Pending resolution Remarks
the year the end of year the year at the end of year
Incidents of sexual harassment Incidents of sexual harassment
were reviewed as per the were reviewed as per the
Sexual harassment 103 31(1) requirements of the POSH Act in 98 13(2) requirements of the POSH Act in
India and as per the established India and as per the established
grievance redressal process. grievance redressal process.
Incidents pertaining to Incidents pertaining to
Discrimination at discrimination were reviewed as discrimination were reviewed as
13 5(1) 82 6(2)
workplace per the established grievance per the established grievance
redressal process for HEAR. redressal process for HEAR.
Child labor – – – – –
Forced labor /
– – – – –
Involuntary labor
Wages – – – – –
Other human rights-
– – – – –
related issues
(1) As on May 20, 2025, we have 14 cases of sexual harassment and four cases of discrimination at workplace, pending resolution.
(2) All the pending cases in fiscal 2024 were resolved.
A robust feedback mechanism ensures employee feedback and concerns are heard and addressed in a timely manner. Read more at https://www.infosys.com/about/esg/social/employee-wellbeing/
resolution-hubs.html.
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
7. Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, in the following format:
Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
Total complaints reported under Sexual Harassment of Women
at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 43 64
2013 (POSH)
Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees / workers 0.04 0.06
Complaints on POSH upheld 33 61
8. Mechanism to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases
Infosys’ non-retaliation policy is an embodiment of our values and a cornerstone of our Code. Infosys commits to protect the complainant and ensures that they are not retaliated
against because of any report that they raise in good faith. Infosys does not tolerate any form of retaliation (whether by a manager, co-worker or otherwise) against an individual
because he or she made a good faith report of an integrity concern. This protection also extends to anyone who assists with or cooperates in an investigation or reports of an
integrity concern or question. We support those who support our values.
9. Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? (Yes / No)
Yes
10. Assessments for the year:
% of your plants and offices that were assessed (by entity or statutory authorities or
third parties)*
Child labor 100
Forced / involuntary labor 100
Sexual harassment 100
Discrimination at workplace 100
Wages 100
Others – please specify –
* India operations, as per the internal assessment plan for the year
11. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from the assessments at Question 10 above
There were no significant risks / concerns arising from the human rights assessments.
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Leadership indicators
1. Details of a business process being modified / introduced as a result of addressing human rights grievances / complaints
None
2. Details of the scope and coverage of any human rights due diligence conducted.
Infosys is committed to providing a healthy and safe work environment, which is integral to our Code of Conduct. Training on Infosys values and the Code of Conduct and Ethics,
in which our stand on human rights is enshrined, is an integral part of the induction program for new employees. Every employee at Infosys is mandated to take the annual Smart
Awareness Quiz (SAQ), which contains learning and assessments on the Code and human rights-related topics. Year-round email campaigns on human rights topics remind
employees of the expectations of maintaining a respectful workplace for everyone. A periodic ‘Pulse’ survey rolled out to employees solicits feedback on various topics, including
human rights.
All suppliers must mandatorily sign the Infosys Supplier Code of Conduct, which contains Human Rights clauses. Our ESG learning portal for our suppliers includes topics on human
rights, and our supplier ESG assessments include human rights-related topics.
3. Is the premise / office of the entity accessible to differently-abled visitors, as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016?
Yes. The premise / office of the entity is accessible to differently-abled visitors, as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016, India.
4. Details on assessment of value chain partners:
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed*
Sexual harassment 85.8
Discrimination at workplace 85.8
Child labor 85.8
Forced labor / involuntary labor 85.8
Wages 85.8
Others – please specify –
* We have completed ESG assessment of 800+ upstream suppliers as on March 31, 2025.
5. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from the assessments at Question 4 above.
There were no significant risks / concerns arising from the assessments.
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
PRINCIPLE 6: Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment
Essential indicators
1. Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and energy intensity, in the following format
Parameter Fiscal 2025 (in GJ) Fiscal 2024 (in GJ)
From renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (A) 5,82,411 4,85,753
Total fuel consumption (B) 3,291 0
Energy consumption through other sources (C) 0 0
Total energy consumption (A + B + C) 5,85,702 4,85,753
From non-renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (D) 2,10,057 3,12,952
Total fuel consumption (E) 54,675 40,743
Energy consumption through other sources (F) 0 0
Total energy consumed from non-renewable sources (D + E + F) 2,64,732 3,53,695
Total energy consumed (A + B + C + D + E + F)(1) 8,50,434 8,39,448
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover (Total energy consumed / revenue from operations) 0.000000522 0.000000546
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) (Total energy
0.00001078 0.00001224
consumed / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)(2)
Energy intensity in terms of physical output (GJ / capita / annum) 2.44 2.46
Energy intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity Nil Nil
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y / N) If yes, name of the external agency
Yes, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
(1) Includes global energy consumption
(2) The revenue from operations has been adjusted for PPP based on the latest PPP conversion factor published by the IMF - for India. For the years ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, it is 20.66 and
22.40, respectively.
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
2. Does the entity have any sites / facilities identified as designated consumers (DCs) under the Performance, Achieve and Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India?
(Y / N) If yes, disclose whether targets set under the PAT scheme have been achieved. In case targets have not been achieved, provide the remedial action taken, if any.
Not applicable for IT sector
3. Provide details of the following disclosures related to water:
Parameter Fiscal 2025 (in kl) Fiscal 2024 (in kl)
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
(i) Surface water 2,77,911(1) 2,62,929(1)
(ii) Groundwater 52,332 53,715
(iii) Third-party water(2) 17,55,337 20,00,564
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water Nil Nil
(v) Others 0 0
Total volume of water withdrawal (i + ii + iii + iv + v) 20,85,580 23,17,208
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres) 19,55,525 1,99,5892
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Total water consumption / Revenue from operations) 0.00000119 0.00000130
Water intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) (Total water
0.00002478 0.00002909
consumption / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
Water intensity in terms of physical output (kl / capita / annum) 5.61 5.86
Water intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity Nil Nil
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y / N) If yes, name of the external agency
Yes, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
(1) As per GRI 303-3, surface water includes collected or harvested rainwater
(2) Grey water is included under third party water and fiscal 2024 figures are restated. Includes global water consumption
4. Provide the following details related to water discharged:
Parameter Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
(i) To surface water NA NA
– No treatment
– With treatment – please specify level of treatment
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Parameter Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
(ii) To groundwater NA NA
– No treatment
– With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(iii) To seawater NA NA
– No treatment
– With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(iv) Sent to third-parties
– No treatment(1) 1,30,055 3,21,316
– With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(v) Others NA NA
– No treatment
– With treatment – please specify level of treatment
Total water discharged (in kilolitres)(2) 1,30,055 3,21,316
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y / N) If yes, name of the external agency.
Yes, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
(1) Treatment in centralized sewage treatment plants is managed by local authorities.
(2) Includes one leased location in India and all leased overseas locations. Water is discharged to municipal sewers and finally treated.
5. Has the entity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, provide details of its coverage and implementation.
All sewage generated on campus in our India locations is treated in the in-house sewage treatment plants (STP), and the recycled water is used for irrigation, HVAC, and flushing
purposes. In our leased or serviced offices where we do not have operational control or is limited and in absence of a STP, the wastewater is discharged into municipal sewers, which
undergo further treatment.
6. Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity, in the following format
Parameter Please specify unit Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
NOx Kg 40,286 52,524
SOx Kg 873 1,333
Particulate matter (PM) Kg 4,423 3,812
Persistent organic pollutants (POP) NA NA NA
Volatile organic compounds (VOC) NA NA NA
Hazardous air pollutants (HAP) NA NA NA
Others – please specify NA NA NA
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y / N) If yes, name of the external agency.
Yes, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
7. Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) and its intensity, in the following format :
Parameter Unit Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
Total Scope 1 emissions (Break-up of the
Metric tonnes of CO
GHG into CO, CH, NO, HFCs, PFCs, SF, 2 8,745(2) 7,150
2 4 2 6 equivalent
NF, if available)(1)
Total Scope 2 emissions (Break-up of the
Metric tonnes of CO
GHG into CO, CH, NO, HFCs, PFCs, SF, 2 38,586(2) 55,881
2 4 2 6 equivalent
NF, if available)(3)
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions per
rupee of turnover (Total Scope 1 and Metric tonnes of CO
2 0.000000029 0.000000041
Scope 2 GHG emissions / Revenue from equivalent per Rupee
operations)
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission tCO e / PPP 0.00000060 0.00000092
intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for
Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) (Total Scope
1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / Revenue
from operations adjusted for PPP)
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission tCO e / capita / annum 0.14 0.19
intensity in terms of physical output
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission
intensity (optional) – the relevant metric Nil Nil Nil
may be selected by the entity
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y / N) If yes, name of the external agency.
Yes, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
(1) Scope 1 emissions cover all owned offices (India, US and China) and leased offices in India; Leased space in overseas locations will not be considered as it is falls in de-minimus for diesel / natural gas
consumption.
(2) Refer ESG Databook Annexure 4:GHG Emissions and Annexure 6: Emissions factors used for GHG calculations
(3) Scope 2 includes India and overseas locations.
8. Does the entity have any project related to reducing greenhouse gas emission? If yes, provide details.
Infosys has been carbon neutral since fiscal 2020 across Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. Our approach to carbon neutrality is based on reducing and avoiding emissions through energy
efficiency and renewable energy. Energy efficiency is achieved through super-efficient new buildings, industry-leading Energy Performance Index (EPI) <65 kWh/m2-yr, real-time
monitoring and optimization of building operations through smart building systems, and retrofits in existing buildings. Infosys has implemented several retrofit projects (across air
conditioning, lighting, and UPS systems) in the past and achieved a connected electrical load reduction of 36 MW across campuses in India. In 2025, we have undertaken a retrofit
project to replace direct FCU units with chilled water units of air conditioning, which saved 1.3 lakh kWh and reduced emissions by 94.72 tCOe. To achieve our goal of transitioning
to clean energy, we have installed 60 MW of solar PV capacity.
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
9. Provide details related to waste management by the entity, in the following format:
Parameter Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
Total waste generated (in metric tonnes)
Plastic waste (A) 118.91 132.80
E-waste (B) 422.42 470.41
Biomedical waste (C)(1) 70.10 124.84
Construction and demolition waste (D)(2) 982.84 38,340.11
Battery waste (E) 115.39 139.23
Radioactive waste (F) 0.12 0.12
Other hazardous waste. Please specify, if any. (G) (used oil, discarded containers, etc.) 65.98 98.68
Other non-hazardous waste generated (H). Please specify, if any. (Break-up by composition i.e. by
materials relevant to the sector – food waste, garden waste, etc.) 9,914.08 10,277.39
Total (A + B + C + D + E + F + G + H) 11,689.87 49,583.58
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover (Total waste generated / Revenue from operations) 0.00000000717 0.0000000322
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) (Total waste 0.0000001481 0.0000007228
generated / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
Waste intensity in terms of physical output (MT / capita / annum)(3) 0.03 0.03
Waste intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity Nil Nil
For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations (in metric tonnes)
Category of waste Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
(i) Recycled 10,605.70 46,639.05
(ii) Reused 657.12 215.86
(iii) Other recovery operations 33.06 63.60
Total 11,295.88 46,918.51
For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of disposal method (in metric tonnes)
Category of waste Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
(i) Incineration 107.22 154.94
(ii) Landfilling 98.10 2,395.88
(iii) Other disposal operations 188.67 114.25
Total 393.99 2,665.07
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y / N) If yes, name of the external agency.
Yes, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
(1) Includes sanitary waste
(2) Excludes C&D waste from infrastructure development
(3) This includes waste generated in India, overseas-owned (Indianapolis and Shanghai) and e-waste for all locations globally.
10. Briefly describe the waste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe the strategy adopted by your company to reduce usage of hazardous and
toxic chemicals in your products and processes and the practices adopted to manage such wastes.
The 5R principle –’ Refuse, Reduce, Reuse, Refurbish / Repurpose and Recycle’ – forms the foundation of Infosys’ waste management strategy. Through our efforts, we turn waste
into resources and thus support a circular economy. Infosys has adopted a comprehensive waste management practice which involves collection, sorting and disposal of waste.
Waste management practices at Infosys include source segregation, secondary segregation, effective waste processing and collection, recycling and efficient disposal of all waste in
accordance with relevant laws. This helps reduce negative impacts on the environment.
We seek to uphold our ambition of ‘zero waste to landfill’ through active minimization combined with technological investment in recycling and streamlining of systems and
processes. Infosys is pursuing the goal of zero waste to landfill at all of its own sites by 2030, utilizing the TRUE Certification for Zero Waste, provided by Green Business Certification
Inc. TRUE Certification requires a facility to divert at least 90% of its waste from landfill, incineration (waste-to-energy), and the environment. Using TRUE’s portfolio approach,
Infosys has earned TRUE Certification for three campuses last year, and is committed to achieving certification for seven of its owned campuses in fiscal 2026 and subsequently will
embark on the certification for the rest of the owned locations.
The e-waste is disposed to authorized refurbishers, recyclers who issue us certificates for successful recycling and recovery of the material. These are established with a focus on
adhering to principles of circularity. Other hazardous waste such as biomedical waste, oil-soaked cotton, oil filters from DG sets, and other trash are designated by the Central
Pollution Control Board (CPCB) and the State Pollution Control Board (SPCB). These agencies incinerate the waste in compliance with the rules and regulations. The resulting ash is
used in some places for the manufacture of cement and is sent for Treatment, Storage, Disposal Facility (TSDF) landfills for safe disposal.
11. If the entity has operations / offices in / around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national parks, wildlife sanctuaries, biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity
hotspots, forests, coastal regulation zones) where environmental approvals are required, please specify details in the following format:
Not applicable
12. Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the current financial year:
Whether conducted
Name and brief details of by independent Results communicated in Relevant web-link
EIA Notification No. Date
project external agency (Yes public domain (Yes / No)
/ No)
Nil
13. Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law / regulations / guidelines in India; such as the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act,
Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment Protection Act and rules thereunder (Y / N). If not, provide details of all such non-compliances in
the following format:
Yes. Infosys is compliant with all applicable environmental law / regulations / guidelines in India.
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Leadership indicators
1. Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in areas of water stress (in kilolitres):
For each facility / plant located in areas of water stress, provide the following information:
(i) Name of the area: There are 10 water stress zones : India, Australia, Bulgaria, Chile, Mexico, Poland, Romania, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Thailand, UAE
(ii) Nature of operations: IT/ITES services
(iii) Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in the following format:
Parameter Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
(i) Surface water (rain water) 2,77,911 2,62,929
(ii) Groundwater 52,332 53,715
(iii) Third-party water 16,31,025 16,98,770
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water Nil Nil
(v) Others 0 0
Total volume of water withdrawal
19,61,268 20,15,414
(in kilolitres)
Total volume of water consumption
19,43,094 19,37,569
(in kilolitres)
Water intensity per rupee of 0.00000119 0.00000126
turnover (water consumed / turnover)
Water intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may Nil Nil
be selected by the entity
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
(i) Into surface water Nil Nil
– No treatment
– With treatment – please specify level of
treatment
(ii) Into groundwater Nil Nil
– No treatment
– With treatment – please specify level of
treatment
(iii) Into seawater Nil Nil
– No treatment
– With treatment – please specify level of
treatment
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Parameter Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
(iv) Sent to third-parties
– No treatment 18,174(1) 77,845
– With treatment – please specify level of
treatment
(v) Others
– No treatment
– With treatment – please specify level of
treatment
Total water discharged (in kilolitres) 18,174 77,845
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
Yes, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
(1) Includes three leased locations in India, and overseas leased offices in water stress regions. Treatment in centralized sewage treatment plants is managed by local authorities.
2. Please provide details of total Scope 3 emissions and its intensity, in the following format:
Parameter Unit Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
Total Scope 3 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO, CH, Metric tonnes of CO
2 4 2 1,79,370(1) 1,80,737
NO, HFCs, PFCs, SF, NF, if available) equivalent
2 6 3
Metric tonnes of CO
Total Scope 3 emissions per rupee of turnover 2 0.000000110 0.000000117
equivalent per Rupee
Total Scope 3 emission intensity (optional) – the relevant Nil Nil Nil
metric may be selected by the entity
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
Yes, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
(1) Refer ESG Databook Annexure 4:GHG Emissions and Annexure 6: Emissions factors used for GHG calculations
3. With respect to the ecologically sensitive areas reported at Question 11 of Essential Indicators above, provide details of significant direct & indirect impact of the entity
on biodiversity in such areas along-with prevention and remediation activities.
NA
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
4. If the entity has undertaken any specific initiatives or used innovative technology or solutions to improve resource efficiency, or reduce impact due to emissions /
effluent discharge / waste generated, please provide details of the same as well as outcome of such initiatives, as per the following format
S.No. Initiative undertaken Details of the initiative (Web-link, if any, may be provided Outcome of the initiative
along-with summary)
We have achieved highest green building
We continue to expand our green building portfolio with the highest level of green
1 Green buildings rating for 29.7 million square feet which
certification.
includes owned and leased premises.
Our new buildings are equipped with innovative technologies like shading devices,
radiant cooling and high performance façade systems such as double-glazed systems The innovative technologies used in our
with Argon-filled gas. Also, we are among the first in the industry to undertake an new buildings have resulted in Energy
Innovative technologies in
2 Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) of all our new buildings to assess the embodied carbon Performance Index (EPI) of lower than 65
our new buildings
footprint. kWh/m2/year. Phase out of refrigerant
We have also introduced Hydrofluoroolefin (HFO) magnetic chillers with zero ozone with high global warming potential
depletion potential and a very low Global Warming Potential (GWP).
5. Does the entity have a business continuity and disaster management plan? Give details in 100 words/ web link.
Infosys has a Business Continuity Management System (BCMS) called Phoenix, certified by ISO 22301:2019 Security and Resilience – Business Continuity Management
Standard. This program is designed to ensure seamless continuity of business and the utmost safety of our employees and assets while continuously meeting client
expectations. The BCMS program provides a robust framework for planning, establishing, implementing, operating, monitoring, reviewing, maintaining, and continually
improving business continuity measures across Infosys and its subsidiaries. Apart from Phoenix plan at the corporate level, comprehensive business continuity plans are
created at three operational levels covering business functions, locations, and accounts. Integrated into our Enterprise Risk Management Framework, the BCMS plans guide
our typical response to events, such as catastrophes and natural or human-made disasters, which could disrupt or severely constrain our operations. This covers various
crisis scenarios as part of detailed risk assessments (at functions, locations, and accounts level), which are documented with mitigation plans along with controls put in
place. The management system has been continuously validated across levels through tests and exercises, and various incidents have been successfully tackled without
significant business continuity or employee safety impacts. An efficient business continuity management policy has enabled us to maintain status quo during disasters.
6. Disclose any significant adverse impact to the environment, arising from the value chain of the entity. What mitigation or adaptation measures have been taken by the
entity in this regard.
As per ESG assessment of 800+ top upstream suppliers , no significant adverse impacts to environment were identified.
7. Percentage of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed for environmental impacts.
85.8*
* We have completed ESG assessment of 800+ upstream suppliers as on March 31, 2025.
8. Green Credits generated or procured by the listed entity and its top-10 value chain partners.
Nil
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
PRINCIPLE 7: Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a
manner that is responsible and transparent
Essential indicators
1. a. Number of affiliations with trade and industry chambers / associations.
25+
b. List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/ associations (determined based on the total members of such body) the entity is a member of/ affiliated to.
S. Name of the trade and industry chambers / associations* Reach of trade and industry chambers / associations
No. (State / National)
1 National Association of Software and Services Companies (NASSCOM) National
2 US Chamber of Commerce International
3 Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) National
4 World Economic Forum (WEF) International
5 Federation of Indian Chamber of Commerce & Industry (FICCI) National
6 Sweden India Business Council International
7 Data Security Council of India National
8 US-India Strategic Partnership Forum (USISPF) International
9 US-India Business Council (USIBC) International
10 Business Council of Australia International
* Indicative list
2. Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anti-competitive conduct by the entity, based on adverse orders from
regulatory authorities
No adverse orders were received from regulatory authorities.
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Leadership indicators
1. Details of public policy positions advocated by the Company:
Infosys’ approach includes engaging ecosystems at the national, regional and local levels. To this end, Infosys focuses on developing and maintaining partnerships with
relevant government officials, business organizations, technology industry associations, educational institutions, and community organizations in all of the Company’s key
markets – including, but not limited to, the US, Canada, Europe, Australia, and India – to build mutually beneficial partnerships. Read more at https://www.infosys.com/
investors/corporate-governance/Documents/CodeofConduct.pdf.
S.No Public policy Method resorted for such advocacy Whether Frequency of review by the Web link, if
advocated information Board available
is available in (Annually/Half-yearly/quarterly/
public domain others-please specify)
(Yes/No)
1 EU AI Act Meetings and submissions to the EU Commission, Council and Yes Need by basis NA
Parliament
2 UK-India Working Group, meetings, conferences, opensource Responsible AI No Annual NA
Responsible and Tool Kit
Trustworthy AI
3 AISIC - US Working Groups, Meetings, AI Risk Management Framework No Periodic NA
4 UNESCO - Ethical AI Agreement, meetings, advocacy No Periodic NA
Adoption (RAM)
5 Government of Meetings and expertise shared with Quality Council of India No Quarterly NA
India “Conformity
Assessment
Framework to
Build Digital
Competencies” for
IAS officers, with a
focus on AI
6 NABCB - ISO 42001 Meetings and expertise shared with Quality Council of India and No Need by basis NA
Accreditation NABCB
capability
7 Responsible AI and Opensource tool provided Yes Periodic - need by basis https://eitbt.
AI Governance karnataka.gov.
in/startup/
public/129/
booster-kit/en
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
S.No Public policy Method resorted for such advocacy Whether Frequency of review by the Web link, if
advocated information Board available
is available in (Annually/Half-yearly/quarterly/
public domain others-please specify)
(Yes/No)
8 Help setting up of Meetings, concept notes, advisories No Periodic - need by basis NA
AI Governance CoE
for Government of
Telangana in the
proposed AI City
9 DPDP Act (India) • On the Indian DPDP Act, the Ministry of Electronics and No (consultation Rules are yet to be enforced, once NA
Information Technology (MeitY) has conducted several events are in they are enforced, the Board will
rounds of public consultations over the last two years public domain be regularly updated.
and held extensive discussions with various stakeholders, but for some
including academicians, industry leaders, and the public. We, of the events
participation
at Infosys, have participated in many of these discussions and
was closed door)
workshops conducted by the MeitY and industry bodies. This
enabled us to gather valuable insights and provide inputs to
the authorities, which will play a crucial role in drafting the
final regulations.
• Infosys hosted its first in-person Privacy Symposium at
its Bengaluru campus, which was attended by a large
number of industry experts, academicians, and civil
society representatives. Senior officials from Government
delivered the keynote address and moderated one of the
panel discussions on the implementation of the DPDP Act.
This event was a significant step towards collaboration
between government and industry in working out the
implementation aspects of the DPDP Act.
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
PRINCIPLE 8: Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development
Essential indicators
1. Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the current financial year
Not applicable – we have no SIA notification(1)
Name and brief details of SIA Notification No. Date of notification Whether conducted by Results communicated in Relevant Web link
project independent external public domain (Yes / No)
agency (Yes / No)
NA NA NA NA NA NA
(1) This Act is applicable only to India
2. Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) is being undertaken by your entity, in the following format:
Not applicable(1)
S.No Name of project for which R&R is ongoing State District No. of Project Affected % of PAFs covered Amounts paid to PAFs in
Families (PAFs) by R&R the FY (In INR)
NA NA NA NA NA NA NA
(1) This Act is applicable only to India
3. Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community.
We track complaints, if any, from beneficiaries of our CSR projects. Complaints are received at feedback_if@infosys.com. All stakeholders have access to whistleblower mechanism.
In fiscal 2025, no complaints and grievances were received.
4. Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers
Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024
Directly sourced from MSMEs / small producers 9.7 7.1
Directly from within India 25.6 25.3
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
5. Job creation in smaller towns – Disclose wages paid to persons employed (including employees or workers employed on a permanent or non-permanent/on contract
basis) in the following locations, as % of total wage cost
Location Fiscal 2025*(1) Fiscal 2024
Rural – 1.3
Semi-urban – 0.9
Urban 6.2 15.9
Metropolitan 93.8 81.9
(Place categorized as per RBI Classification System – rural / semi-urban / urban / metropolitan)
* Permanent employees as on March 31, 2025, at our India locations have been considered.
(1) Based on SEBI’s Industry Standards on reporting of BRSR Core.
Leadership indicators
1. Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identified in the Social Impact Assessments (Reference: Question 1 of Essential indicators above)
Not applicable
Details of negative social impact identified Corrective action taken
2. Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by your entity in designated aspirational districts as identified by government bodies
S. No State Aspirational district * Amount spent (In `) S. No State Aspirational district * Amount spent (In `)
1 Andhra Pradesh Visakhapatnam 2,04,23,222 14 Bihar Begusarai 20,33,582
2 Andhra Pradesh Vizianagaram 42,86,641 15 Bihar Gaya 16,58,142
3 Andhra Pradesh YSR Kadapa 29,18,780 16 Bihar Jamui 47,59,177
4 Assam Baksa 56,13,967 17 Bihar Katihar 2,80,540
5 Assam Barpeta 35,40,904 18 Bihar Muzaffarpur 17,78,568
6 Assam Darrang 4,34,323 19 Bihar Nawada 34,99,683
7 Assam Dhubri 1,71,388 20 Bihar Purnia 3,31,987
8 Assam Goalpara 2,69,653 21 Bihar Sitamarhi 8,12,297
9 Assam Hailakandi 2,07,421 22 Chhattisgarh Kanker 38,79,125
10 Assam Udalguri 55,24,261 23 Chhattisgarh Korba 2,40,970
11 Bihar Araria 10,76,176 24 Chhattisgarh Narayanpur 37,57,742
12 Bihar Aurangabad 4,03,160 25 Chhattisgarh Rajnandgaon 38,65,705
13 Bihar Banka 1,84,499 26 Gujarat Narmada 2,62,629
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
S. No State Aspirational district * Amount spent (In `) S. No State Aspirational district * Amount spent (In `)
27 Jammu & Kashmir Baramulla 5,47,098 55 Odisha Balangir 1,36,169
28 Jharkhand Bokaro 5,59,370 56 Odisha Dhenkanal 2,51,057
29 Jharkhand Chatra 1,24,319 57 Odisha Kalahandi 72,73,326
30 Jharkhand Dumka 1,32,001 58 Odisha Kandhamal 2,21,899
31 Jharkhand East Singhbhum 3,46,910 59 Odisha Koraput 48,62,170
32 Jharkhand Garhwa 1,05,740 60 Odisha Malkangiri 1,56,206
33 Jharkhand Giridh 4,78,469 61 Odisha Rayagada 51,72,504
34 Jharkhand Godda 2,31,485 62 Odisha Nuapara 1,24,480
35 Jharkhand Gumla 1,25,869 63 Punjab Ferozepur 4,68,776
36 Jharkhand Hazaribag 24,21,482 64 Rajasthan Baran 46,36,727
37 Jharkhand Ranchi 36,83,875 65 Rajasthan Dholpur 32,62,845
38 Karnataka Raichur 2,45,13,445 66 Rajasthan Jaisalmer 36,94,128
39 Karnataka Yadgir 1,72,20,838 67 Rajasthan Karauli 58,04,543
40 Kerala Wayanad 1,15,72,543 68 Rajasthan Sirohi 46,21,485
41 Madhya Pradesh Bharwani 7,08,985 69 Sikkim West District 4,26,032
42 Madhya Pradesh Chhatarpur 37,17,359 70 Tamil Nadu Ramanathapuram 62,11,485
43 Madhya Pradesh Damoh 4,83,03,106 71 Tamil Nadu Virudhunagar 63,15,485
44 Madhya Pradesh Guna 11,66,925 72 Telangana Bhadradri Kothagudem 2,88,007
45 Madhya Pradesh Khandwa 7,46,356 73 Uttar Pradesh Bahraich 2,96,485
46 Madhya Pradesh Rajgarh 1,50,000 74 Uttar Pradesh Chandauli 2,19,385
47 Madhya Pradesh Singrauli 40,12,614 75 Uttar Pradesh Fatehpur 1,39,914
48 Madhya Pradesh Vidisha 98,98,601 76 Uttar Pradesh Sonbhadra 1,32,271
49 Maharashtra Gadchiroli 79,08,998 77 Uttarakhand Haridwar 32,28,773
50 Maharashtra Nandurbar 43,25,913 78 Uttarakhand Udham Singh Nagar 4,30,192
51 Maharashtra Osmanabad 90,80,337 79 Various districts - with spend less than one lakh 9,74,912
52 Maharashtra Washim 30,42,527 Total 28,73,16,059
53 Manipur Chandel 2,62,581 Note:
54 Meghalaya Ribhoi 3,64,516 * 112 out of the 112 aspirational districts were covered in fiscal 2025.
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
3. a) Do you have a preferential procurement policy where you give preference to purchase from suppliers comprising marginalized / vulnerable groups? (Yes/No): Yes
From which marginalized / vulnerable groups do you procure?: We do not track this separately.
What percentage of total procurement (by value) does it constitute?: We do not track this separately.
4. Details of the benefits derived and shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired by your entity (in the current fiscal), based on traditional knowledge
Not applicable
S.No. Intellectual Property based on traditional knowledge Owned/ Acquired (Yes/No) Benefit shared (Yes / No) Basis of calculating benefit share
5. Details of corrective actions taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual property related disputes wherein usage of traditional knowledge is involved
Not applicable
Name of authority Brief of the Case Corrective action taken
6. Details of beneficiaries of CSR projects:
S. CSR project No. of persons % of beneficiaries S. CSR project No. of persons % of beneficiaries
No benefitted from from vulnerable and No benefitted from from vulnerable and
CSR projects marginalised groups CSR projects marginalised groups
1 Sri Chamarajendra 33,59,393 62 10 Sight Connect (F) 1,52,000 45
Zoological Gardens-2 11 Girls Wellness Program 1,27,185 100
2 Infosys Springboard – 13,19,737 55 12 Gracious Giving – U&I – 1,20,876 –
Digital Literacy Educate India
3 Sneham DC Trust – Govt. 7,29,270 59 13 The Antara Foundation 1,08,832 100
Thoothukudi Medical
14 Arpan DC Trust – 88,350 –
College Hospital
Paathshala Education
4 Arpan DC Trust – Govt 7,00,000 29
15 Mamata DC Trust – 72,500 43
Civil Hospital, Panchkula
SAHE
– General Civil Hospital
16 Yuva Rural Association 65,258 66
5 AIIMS - DELHI 6,75,492 76
17 Sistema Bagalkot 53,466 68
6 Art & Photography 4,94,036 42
18 Savayava Krishi Pariwara 51,897 62
Foundation
19 E-vidyaloka Trust – FY24 51,849 51
7 Art & Photography 4,87,768 74
Foundation-2 20 Girls Wellness Program – 48,349 100
Karnataka
8 Akanksha DC Trust 1,71,542 94
(Kolkata) – Ramakrishna 21 Sparsh DC Trust 48,223 56
Sarada Mission Matri (Nagpur) – Niramaya
Bhavan Woman Development
Program 9 Mamata DC Trust 1,59,425 97
(Indore) – Vidya Bharti 22 EFIT MH2 37,200 –
Malwa Prant
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
S. CSR project No. of persons % of beneficiaries S. CSR project No. of persons % of beneficiaries
No benefitted from from vulnerable and No benefitted from from vulnerable and
CSR projects marginalised groups CSR projects marginalised groups
23 EFIT MH3 37,200 – 42 Samarpan DC Trust – 15,596 100
24 Udaipur Urja 2.0 37,000 50 Raksha Foundation
25 SKG Sangha 36,779 55 43 Pondicherry flood 15,000 61
relief efforts – Sri
26 Agastya International 32,218 100
Ramakrishna Sarada
Foundation-2
Trust
27 Association for Diabetes 31,847 48
44 Forum for Health 13,121 71
and Obesity Reversal
Systems Design and
28 Udaipur Urja 3.0 30,000 50
Formation
29 Ramakrishna Mission- 27,691 45
45 Sangath 13,120 98
STEM Labs
46 Odisha flood relief 12,980 74
30 SEARCH Gadchiroli, 27,560 100
efforts
MCH Hospital
47 Yuva Unstoppable – 12,006 47
31 Centre for Cellular and 24,001 100
FY25
Molecular platforms
48 Unnati – FY25 11,928 35
32 Sneham DC Trust -Siru 23,411 69
49 Nirmaan – EduBridge 4 11,922 64
Thuli
Employment (For scale
33 Bangalore Lit Fest 23,124 54
and reach)
34 Udaipur Urja 5.0 23,000 50
50 Ramakrishna Mission 11,372 38
35 Malligavad Foundation 20,650 53 Scholarships
36 Malligavad 20,650 53 51 Villapuram flood 11,268 75
Foundation-2 relief efforts – Sri
37 Arpan DC Trust – Tree 20,000 50 Ramakrishna Sarada
plantation Trust
38 Krishnagiri, 19,665 52 52 Gracious Giving – U&I – 11,220 –
Tiruvannamalai Swasth India
flood relief efforts 53 The Banyan 11,145 71
– Sri Ramakrishna
54 Akanksha DC Trust – 10,000 100
Sevashrama Pavagada
Ramakrishna Mission
39 Samarpan DC Trust – 18,900 107
55 Yakshagana 24,888 61
Vani Vilas Hospital
Development, Training
40 Vijayawada flood 18,180 57 and Research Center
relief efforts – Sri
56 Various beneficiaries 2,13,374 62
Ramakrishna
less than 10,000
Sevashrama Pavagada
Total 1,00,11,294 59
41 Belagavi flood 17,830 58
relief efforts – Sri Note:
Ramakrishna
1. Women, children and people with differently-abled are the main vulnerable groups
Sevashrama Pavagada
identified.
2. Beneficiary count is arrived based on the progress reports and emails received from
beneficiaries.
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
PRINCIPLE 9: Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner
Essential indicators
1. Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback.
We prioritize our clients’ satisfaction and have a comprehensive system in place to address their feedback and complaints. Our clientele, which spans diverse industry verticals, is
equipped with multiple channels to voice their concerns and provide feedback.
Every complaint is treated with the appropriate level of attention. Our dedicated teams meticulously analyze the issues raised, devise suitable solutions and implement them
effectively. We place great emphasis on transparency towards our clients throughout the process. Therefore, we keep them informed of progress and seek their approval for
corrective actions.
In addition to addressing complaints, we proactively engage with our clients to understand their expectations, gather feedback and gain insight into their future outlook. This
valuable information is crucial to our strategic planning and continuous improvement initiatives. Doing so ensures that our services align with our clients’ evolving needs and
expectations fostering a strong and enduring business relationship.
2. Turnover of products / services as a percentage of turnover from all products / services that carry information about environmental and social parameters relevant to the
product, safe and responsible usage, recycling and / or safe disposal.
As a percentage to total turnover
Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product
Safe and responsible usage Not applicable as Infosys is a B2B company
Recycling and / or safe disposal
3. Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following:
Fiscal 2025 Remarks Fiscal 2024 Remarks
Received during Pending Received during Pending
the year resolution at end the year resolution at end
of year of year
Data privacy 0 0 0 0
Advertising(1) NA NA NA NA
Cybersecurity 0 0 1 1
Delivery of essential services NA NA NA NA
Restrictive trade practices 0 0 0 0
Unfair trade practices 0 0 0 0
Other(2) 28 8 52 9
(1) We are a B2B company. The promotions we do is with regard to our services and thought leadership. The provision of services is governed by contracts between the parties.
(2) Complaints from customer projects that are raised through the complaints management system have been considered.
Business
Responsibility
and
Sustainability
Report
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
4. Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues
Number Reasons for recall
Voluntary recalls NA NA
Forced recalls NA NA
5. Does the entity have a framework / policy on cybersecurity and risks related to data privacy? (Yes / No) If yes, provide web-link of the policy.
Yes. Infosys has a holistic and comprehensive cybersecurity framework – SEED - aligned to NIST’s CyberSecurity Framework (CSF) and supported by supplementary policies,
processes, procedures, and standards to achieve and sustain enterprise-level information security objectives. Read more at https://www.infosys.com/about/esg/governance/
information-management.html.
Infosys has a Data Privacy Policy published on the Company’s intranet, which demonstrates the Management’s commitment to data privacy across all Infosys operations, including
those involving service providers. To ensure complete transparency, we provide privacy notices at the data collection point for internal and external data subjects.
The privacy statement for external data subjects is also readily available on the Infosys website at, Personal Information Privacy Statement | Infosys.
6. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, and delivery of essential services; cybersecurity and data privacy of
customers, re-occurrence of instances of product recalls; penalty / action taken by regulatory authorities on safety of products / services.
Infosys has reviewed its cybersecurity posture, technology, and threat landscape to build further fortification and strengthen its cyber defense capabilities. As an organization, we
continue to review and strengthen our cybersecurity processes and controls across our entire network in line with industry best practices.
7. Provide the following information relating to data breaches:
a. Number of instances of data breaches: 0
b. Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers: NA
c. Impact, if any, of the data breaches: NA
Leadership indicators
1. Channels / platforms where information on products and services of the Company can be accessed
Refer to https://www.infosys.com/services.html.
2. Steps taken to inform and educate consumers, especially vulnerable and marginalised consumers, about safe and responsible usage of products and services.
Not applicable
3. Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption / discontinuation of essential services.
Not applicable
4. Does the Company display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local laws? Not applicable
Did your entity carry out any survey with regard to consumer satisfaction relating to the major products / services of the entity, significant locations of the entity or the entity as a
whole? (Yes / No)
Yes. We carry out surveys to gauge customer satisfaction for our major services. Customer-focused excellence demands constant sensitivity to changing and emerging customer
requirements and close attention to the voice of the customer. We interact with our clients regularly across multiple platforms. In addition to various client interactions, we
have adopted a formal and robust approach in the form of an annual Client Value Survey and quarterly engagement surveys. The surveys enable us to understand the client’s
expectations and needs comprehensively and serve as one of the inputs for us when making investment decisions. The survey framework includes a structured questionnaire, and
the feedback is collected through a web survey hosted by an independent organization.
Statutory reports
CEO and CFO certification
The Board of Directors
Infosys Limited, Bengaluru
Dear members of the Board,
We, Salil Parekh, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, and Jayesh Sanghrajka, Chief Financial Officer of Infosys Limited, to the
best of our knowledge and belief, certify that:
1. We have reviewed the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, the Statement of Profit and Loss, the Statement of Changes in Equity and
the Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended, and a summary of the significant accounting policies and other explanatory
information of the Company, and the Board’s report for the year ended March 31, 2025.
2. These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report.
3. The financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, present in all material respects a true and fair view
of the Company’s affairs, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as at, and for, the periods
presented in this report, and are in compliance with the existing accounting standards and / or applicable laws and regulations.
4. There are no transactions entered into by the Company during the year that are fraudulent, illegal or violate the Company’s Code of
Conduct and Ethics, except as disclosed to the Company’s auditors and the Company’s Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.
5. We are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting
for the Company, and we have:
a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared.
b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS).
c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure, controls and procedures.
d. Disclosed in this report, changes, if any, in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company’s
most recent financial year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting.
6. We have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, wherever
applicable, to the Company’s auditors and the Audit Committee of the Company’s Board (and persons performing the equivalent
functions):
a. Any deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls, that could adversely affect the Company’s ability to record, process,
summarize and report financial data, and have confirmed that there have been no material weaknesses in internal controls over
financial reporting including any corrective actions with regard to deficiencies.
b. Any significant changes in internal controls during the year covered by this report.
c. All significant changes in accounting policies during the year, if any, and the same have been disclosed in the notes to the
financial statements.
d. Any instances of significant fraud of which we are aware, that involve the Management or other employees who have a significant role
in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.
7. We affirm that we have not denied any personnel access to the Audit Committee of the Company (in respect of matters involving
alleged misconduct) and we have provided protection to whistleblowers from unfair termination and other unfair or prejudicial
employment practices.
8. We further declare that all Board members and senior management personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct
and Ethics for the year covered by this report.
Sd/- Sd/-
Bengaluru Salil Parekh Jayesh Sanghrajka
April 17, 2025 Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Chief Financial Officer
DIN: 01876159
208 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Standalone Financial Statements under Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) for the
year ended March 31, 2025
Index
A Independent Auditor’s Report 210
B Balance Sheet 222
C Statement of Profit and Loss 224
D Statement of Changes in Equity 226
E Statement of Cash Flows 231
F Overview and Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements 233
1. Overview 233
1.1 Company overview 233
1.2 Basis of preparation of financial statements 233
1.3 Use of estimates and judgments 233
1.4 Critical accounting estimates and judgments 233
2. Notes to the Standalone financial statements 234
2.1 Property, plant and equipment 234
2.2 Goodwill and other intangible assets 237
2.3 Leases 238
2.4 Capital work-in-progress 240
2.5 Investments 241
2.6 Loans 246
2.7 Other financial assets 247
2.8 Trade receivables 247
2.9 Cash and cash equivalents 248
2.10 Other assets 248
2.11 Financial instruments 248
2.12 Equity 257
2.13 Other financial liabilities 263
2.14 Trade payables 263
2.15 Other liabilities 264
2.16 Provisions 265
2.17 Income taxes 265
2.18 Revenue from operations 268
2.19 Other income, net 271
2.20 Expenses 271
2.21 Employee benefits 272
2.22 Earnings per equity share 277
2.23 Contingent liabilities and commitments 278
2.24 Related party transactions 279
2.25 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) 289
2.26 Segment reporting 290
2.27 Ratios 290
2.28 Function-wise classification of Statement of Profit and Loss 291
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 209
Independent Auditor’s Report
To The Members Of Infosys Limited
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying Standalone Financial Statements of INFOSYS LIMITED (the “Company”), which comprise the
Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, the Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), the Statement of Changes
in Equity and the Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended on that date and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of
material accounting policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as the “Standalone Financial Statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone financial
statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view
in conformity with the indian accounting standards prescribed under section 133 of the act, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles
generally accepted in india, of the state of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2025 and its profit, total comprehensive income,
changes in equity and its cash flows for the year ended on that date.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit of the standalone financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (“SAs”) specified under
section 143(10) of the act. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the auditor’s responsibilities for the audit
of the standalone financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit
of the standalone financial statements under the provisions of the act and the rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence obtained
by us is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the standalone financial statements.
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the standalone financial
statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the standalone financial statements as
a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have determined the
matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.
210 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Sr. No. Key Audit Matter
1 Revenue recognition
The Company’s contracts with customers include contracts with multiple products and services. The Company derives
revenues from IT services comprising software development and related services, maintenance, consulting and package
implementation, licensing of software products and platforms across the Company’s core and digital offerings and business
process management services. The Company assesses the services promised in a contract and identifies distinct performance
obligations in the contract. Identification of distinct performance obligations to determine the deliverables and the ability of
the customer to benefit independently from such deliverables involves significant judgement.
In certain integrated services arrangements, contracts with customers include subcontractor services or third-party vendor
equipment or software. In these types of arrangements, revenue from sales of third-party vendor products or services is
recorded net of costs when the Company is acting as an agent between the customer and the vendor, and gross when
the Company is the principal for the transaction. In doing so, the Company first evaluates whether it obtains control of the
specified goods or service before it is transferred to the customer. The Company considers whether it is primarily responsible
for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified goods or service, inventory risk, pricing discretion and other factors to
determine whether it controls the products or service and therefore, is acting as a principal or an agent.
Fixed price maintenance revenue is recognized ratably either on (1) a straight-line basis when services are performed
through an indefinite number of repetitive acts over a specified period or (2) using a percentage of completion method
when the pattern of benefits from the services rendered to the customer and the Company’s costs to fulfil the contract is
not even through the period of contract because the services are generally discrete in nature and not repetitive. The use of
method to recognize the maintenance revenues requires judgment and is based on the promises in the contract and nature
of the deliverables.
As certain contracts with customers involve management’s judgment in (1) identifying distinct performance obligations, (2)
determining whether the Company is acting as a principal or an agent and (3) whether fixed price maintenance revenue is
recognized on a straight-line basis or using the percentage of completion method, revenue recognition from these judgments
were identified as a key audit matter and required a higher extent of audit effort.
Refer Notes 1.4 and 2.18 to the Standalone Financial Statements.
Auditor’s Response
Principal Audit Procedures Performed included the following:
Our audit procedures related to the (1) identification of distinct performance obligations, (2) determination of whether the
Company is acting as a principal or agent and (3) whether fixed price maintenance revenue is recognized on a straight-line
basis or using the percentage of completion method included the following, among others:
• We tested the effectiveness of controls relating to the (a) identification of distinct performance obligations, (b)
determination of whether the Company is acting as a principal or an agent and (c) determination of whether fixed price
maintenance revenue for certain contracts is recognized on a straight-line basis or using the percentage of completion
method.
• We selected a sample of contracts with customers and performed the following procedures:
– Obtained and read contract documents for each selection, including master service agreements, and other documents
that were part of the agreement.
– Identified significant terms and deliverables in the contract to assess management’s conclusions regarding the (i)
identification of distinct performance obligations (ii) whether the Company is acting as a principal or an agent and (iii)
whether fixed price maintenance revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis or using the percentage of completion
method.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 211
Sr. No. Key Audit Matter
2 Revenue recognition - Fixed price contracts using the percentage of completion method
Fixed price maintenance revenue is recognized ratably either (1) on a straight-line basis when services are performed through
an indefinite number of repetitive acts over a specified period or (2) using a percentage of completion method when the
pattern of benefits from services rendered to the customer and the Company’s costs to fulfil the contract is not even through
the period of contract because the services are generally discrete in nature and not repetitive. Revenue from other fixed-price,
fixed-timeframe contracts, where the performance obligations are satisfied over time is recognized using the percentage-
of-completion method.
Use of the percentage-of-completion method requires the Company to determine the actual efforts or costs expended
to date as a proportion of the estimated total efforts or costs to be incurred. Efforts or costs expended have been used to
measure progress towards completion as there is a direct relationship between input and productivity. The estimation of total
efforts or costs involves significant judgement and is assessed throughout the period of the contract to reflect any changes
based on the latest available information. Provisions for estimated losses, if any, on uncompleted contracts are recorded in the
period in which such losses become probable based on the estimated efforts or costs to complete the contract.
We identified the estimate of total efforts or costs to complete fixed price contracts measured using the percentage of
completion method as a key audit matter as the estimation of total efforts or costs involves significant judgement and
is assessed throughout the period of the contract to reflect any changes based on the latest available information. This
estimate has a high inherent uncertainty and requires consideration of progress of the contract, efforts or costs incurred
to-date and estimates of efforts or costs required to complete the remaining contract performance obligations over the
term of the contracts.
This required a high degree of auditor judgment in evaluating the audit evidence and a higher extent of audit effort to
evaluate the reasonableness of the total estimated amount of revenue recognized on fixed-price contracts.
Refer Notes 1.4 and 2.18 to the Standalone Financial Statements.
Auditor’s Response
Principal Audit Procedures Performed included the following:
Our audit procedures related to estimates of total expected costs or efforts to complete for fixed-price contracts included the
following, among others:
• We tested the effectiveness of controls relating to (1) recording of efforts or costs incurred and estimation of efforts
or costs required to complete the remaining contract performance obligations and (2) access and application controls
pertaining to time recording, allocation and budgeting systems which prevents unauthorised changes to recording of
efforts incurred.
• We selected a sample of fixed price contracts with customers measured the using percentage-of-completion method and
performed the following:
– Evaluated management’s ability to reasonably estimate the progress towards satisfying the performance obligation
by comparing actual efforts or costs incurred to prior year estimates of efforts or costs budgeted for performance
obligations that have been fulfilled.
– Compared efforts or costs incurred with Company’s estimate of efforts or costs incurred to date to identify significant
variations and evaluate whether those variations have been considered appropriately in estimating the remaining costs
or efforts to complete the contract.
– Tested the estimate for consistency with the status of delivery of milestones and customer acceptances and sign off
from customers to identify possible delays in achieving milestones, which require changes in estimated costs or efforts
to complete the remaining performance obligations.
212 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Information Other than the Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included
in the Management Discussion and Analysis, Board’s Report including Annexures to Board’s Report, Business Responsibility and
Sustainability Report, Corporate Governance and Shareholder’s Information, but does not include the consolidated financial statements,
Standalone Financial Statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the Standalone Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Standalone Financial Statements or our knowledge obtained
during the course of our audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to
report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of Management and Board of Directors for the Standalone Financial Statements
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation of
these Standalone Financial Statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial performance, including other
comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally
accepted in India, including Ind AS specified under section 133 of the Act. This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing
and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and
estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that
were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and
presentation of the Standalone Financial Statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error.
In preparing the Standalone Financial Statements, management and Board of Directors are responsible for assessing the Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic
alternative but to do so.
The Company’s Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Standalone Financial Statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high
level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these Standalone Financial Statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Standalone Financial Statements, whether due to fraud or error, design
and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal financial control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the Company
has adequate internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements in place and the operating effectiveness
of such controls.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures
made by the management.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the Standalone Financial Statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 213
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Standalone Financial Statements, including the disclosures, and
whether the Standalone Financial Statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
presentation.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the Standalone Financial Statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes it
probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the Standalone Financial Statements may be influenced.
We consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of our
work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the Standalone Financial Statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal financial controls that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the Standalone Financial Statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in
our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be
expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit we report that:
a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were
necessary for the purposes of our audit.
b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears from our
examination of those books.
c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss including Other Comprehensive Income, Statement of Changes in Equity
and the Statement of Cash Flows dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books of account.
d) In our opinion, the aforesaid Standalone Financial Statements comply with the Ind AS specified under Section 133 of the Act.
e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on March 31, 2025 taken on record by the Board
of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2025 from being appointed as a director in terms of
Section 164(2) of the Act.
f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements of the
Company and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure A”. Our report expresses
an unmodified opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the Company’s internal financial controls with
reference to Standalone Financial Statements.
g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the requirements of section
197(16) of the Act, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations
given to us, the remuneration paid by the Company to its directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions of
section 197 of the Act.
h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the
explanations given to us:
i. The Company has disclosed the impact of pending litigations on its financial position in its Standalone Financial
Statements. Refer Note 2.23 to the Standalone Financial Statements.
ii. The Company has made provision as required under applicable law or accounting standards for material foreseeable
losses. Refer Note 2.16 to the Standalone Financial Statements. The Company did not have any long-term
derivative contracts.
iii. There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and Protection
Fund by the Company.
214 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
iv. (a) The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either
individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share
premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other person or entity, including foreign
entity (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary
shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by
or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the
Ultimate Beneficiaries;
(b) The Management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either
individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Company from any person or entity, including foreign
entity (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall,
whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on
behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the
Ultimate Beneficiaries;
(c) Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances, nothing
has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as
provided under (a) and (b) above, contain any material misstatement.
v. As stated in Note 2.12.3 to the Standalone Financial Statements
(a) The final dividend proposed in the previous year, declared and paid by the Company during the year is in
accordance with Section 123 of the Act, as applicable.
(b) The interim dividend declared and paid by the Company during the year and until the date of this report is in
compliance with Section 123 of the Act.
(c) The Board of Directors of the Company have proposed final dividend for the year which is subject to the approval
of the members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. The amount of dividend proposed is in accordance with
section 123 of the Act, as applicable.
vi. Based on our examination, which included test checks, the Company has used accounting software systems for
maintaining its books of account for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 which have the feature of recording
audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in
the software systems. Further, during the course of our audit we did not come across any instance of the audit trail
feature being tampered with and the audit trail has been preserved by the Company as per the statutory requirements
for record retention.
2. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (the “Order”) issued by the Central Government in terms of Section
143(11) of the Act, we give in “Annexure B” a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order.
For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)
Vikas Bagaria
Partner
Place: Bengaluru (Membership No.060408)
Date: April 17, 2025 UDIN: 25060408BMOCIU7329
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 215
Annexure “A” to the Independent Auditor’s Report
(Referred to in paragraph 1(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report to the Members of
Infosys Limited of even date)
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements under Clause (i) of sub-section 3 of
Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements of INFOSYS LIMITED (the
“Company”) as of March 31, 2025 in conjunction with our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the
year ended on that date.
Management’s and Board of Directors’ Responsibilities for Internal Financial Controls
The Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls with
reference to Standalone Financial Statements based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company
considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over
Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”). These responsibilities include the design,
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly
and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and
detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial
information, as required under the Act.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial
Statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls
Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by the ICAI and the Standards on Auditing prescribed under Section 143(10) of the
Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements. Those Standards
and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements was established and maintained
and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls with
reference to Standalone Financial Statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls with reference
to Standalone Financial Statements included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with reference to Standalone
Financial Statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the
Company’s internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements
A company's internal financial control with reference to Standalone Financial Statements is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial control with reference to Standalone Financial Statements
includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts
and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company;
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the
company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper
management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any
evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements to future periods are subject to the risk
that the internal financial control with reference to Standalone Financial Statements may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
216 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Opinion
In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the Company has, in all material respects, an
adequate internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements and such internal financial controls with reference
to Standalone Financial Statements were operating effectively as at March 31, 2025, based on the criteria for internal financial control
with reference to Standalone Financial Statements established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the ICAI.
For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)
Vikas Bagaria
Partner
Place: Bengaluru (Membership No.060408)
Date: April 17, 2025 UDIN: 25060408BMOCIU7329
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 217
Annexure ‘B’ to the Independent Auditor’s Report
(Referred to in paragraph 2 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report to the Members of Infosys
Limited of even date)
To the best of our information and according to the explanations provided to us by the Company and the books of account and records
examined by us in the normal course of audit, we state that:
i. In respect of the Company’s property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets:
(a) (A) The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details and situation of
property, plant and equipment and relevant details of right-of-use assets.
(B) The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of intangible assets.
(b) The Company has a program of physical verification of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets so to cover
all the assets once every three years which, in our opinion, is reasonable having regard to the size of the Company and the
nature of its assets. Pursuant to the program, certain property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets were due for
verification during the year and were physically verified by the Management during the year. According to the information
and explanations given to us, no material discrepancies were noticed on such verification.
(c) Based on our examination of the property tax receipts and lease agreement for land on which building is constructed,
registered sale deed / transfer deed / conveyance deed provided to us, we report that, the title in respect of self-
constructed buildings and title deeds of all other immovable properties (other than properties where the company is the
lessee and the lease agreements are duly executed in favour of the lessee), disclosed in the financial statements included
under Property, Plant and Equipment are held in the name of the Company as at the balance sheet date.
(d) The Company has not revalued any of its property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets) and intangible
assets during the year.
(e) No proceedings have been initiated during the year or are pending against the Company as at March 31, 2025 for
holding any benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (as amended in 2016) and
rules made thereunder.
ii. (a) The Company does not have any inventory and hence reporting under clause 3(ii)(a) of the Order is not applicable.
(b) The Company has not been sanctioned working capital limits in excess of ₹5 crore, in aggregate, at any points of time
during the year, from banks or financial institutions on the basis of security of current assets and hence reporting under
clause 3(ii)(b) of the Order is not applicable.
iii. The Company has made investments in, Companies and granted unsecured loans to other parties, during the year,
in respect of which:
(a) The Company has provided loans or advances in the nature of loans during the year, details of which are given below:
(Amount in ₹ Crore)
Advances in
Particulars Loans
nature of loans
A. Aggregate amount granted /provided during the year:
Subsidiary 10 –
B. Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect of above cases:
Subsidiary 10 –
The Company has not provided any guarantee or security to any other entity during the year.
(b) In our opinion, the investments made and the terms and conditions of the grant of loans, during the year are, prima facie,
not prejudicial to the Company’s interest.
(c) In respect of loans granted by the Company, the schedule of repayment of principal and payment of interest has been
stipulated and the repayments of principal amounts and receipts of interest are generally regular as per stipulation.
(d) In respect of loans granted by the Company, there is no overdue amount remaining outstanding as at
the balance sheet date.
(e) No loan granted by the Company which has fallen due during the year, has been renewed or extended or fresh loans
granted to settle the overdue of existing loans given to the same parties.
(f) The Company has not granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans either repayable on demand or without
specifying any terms or period of repayment during the year. Hence, reporting under clause 3(iii)(f) is not applicable.
218 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
The Company has not made investments in Firms and Limited Liability Partnerships during the year. Further the Company has
not provided any guarantee or security or granted any advances in the nature of loans, secured or unsecured, to Companies,
Firms, Limited Liability Partnerships or any other parties.
iv. The Company has complied with the provisions of Sections 185 and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 in respect of loans granted,
investments made and guarantees and securities provided, as applicable.
v. The Company has not accepted any deposit or amounts which are deemed to be deposits. Hence, reporting under clause 3(v) of
the Order is not applicable.
vi. The maintenance of cost records has not been specified by the Central Government under sub-section (1) of section 148 of the
Companies Act, 2013 for the business activities carried out by the Company. Hence, reporting under clause (vi) of the Order is
not applicable to the Company.
vii. In respect of statutory dues:
(a) In our opinion, the Company has generally been regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues, including Goods and
Services tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ State Insurance, Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, duty of Custom, duty of Excise,
Value Added Tax, Cess and other material statutory dues applicable to it with the appropriate authorities.
There were no undisputed amounts payable in respect of Goods and Service tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ State Insurance,
Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, duty of Custom, duty of Excise, Value Added Tax, Cess and other material statutory dues in
arrears as at March 31, 2025 for a period of more than six months from the date they became payable.
vii. In respect of statutory dues:
(a) In our opinion, the Company has generally been regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues, including Goods and
Services tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ State Insurance, Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, duty of Custom, duty of Excise,
Value Added Tax, Cess and other material statutory dues applicable to it with the appropriate authorities.
There were no undisputed amounts payable in respect of Goods and Service tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ State
Insurance, Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, duty of Custom, duty of Excise, Value Added Tax, Cess and other material
statutory dues in arrears as at March 31, 2024 for a period of more than six months from the date they became payable.
(b) Details of statutory dues referred to in sub-clause (a) above which have not been deposited as on March 31, 2024 on
account of disputes are given below:
Nature of the statute Nature of dues Forum where Dispute is Pending Period to which the Amount
Amount Relates ₹ crore
The Income Tax Act, 1961 Income Tax Income Tax Appellate Tribunal AY(1) 2016-17 -(4)
Income Tax Commissioner (Appeals) AY(1) 2010-11,
AY(1) 2011-12,
AY(1) 2014-15,
AY(1) 2020-21,
AY(1) 2022-23 to
AY(1) 2024-25 1,798(5)
Income Tax Assessing Officer AY(1) 2020-21 and
AY(1) 2021-22 2,677
Customs Act, 1962 Duty of Custom Specified Officer of Special Economic FY(1) 2008-09 to
Zone FY(1) 2011-12 5
Central Excise Act, 1944 Duty of Excise Supreme Court(3) FY(1) 2005-06 to
FY(1) 2015-16 68
Customs Excise and Service Tax FY(1) 2015-16
Appellate Tribunal -(4)
Goods and Service Tax Act, Goods and Services Joint Commissioner (Appeals) FY(1) 2017-18 to FY(1)
2017 Tax. 2019-20,
Sales Tax Act and VAT Laws FY(1) 2021-22 92
High Court of Karnataka FY(1) 2017-18 and FY(1)
2020-21 3
Assessing Officer FY(1) 2017-18 to
FY(1) 2021-22 55
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 219
Nature of the statute Nature of dues Forum where Dispute is Pending Period to which the Amount
Amount Relates ₹ crore
Sales Tax Joint Commissioner (Appeals)(3) FY(1) 2006-07 to
FY(1) 2010-11 and
FY(1) 2014-15 2
Sales Tax High Court of Andhra Pradesh FY(1) 2007-08 -(4)
Finance Act, 1994 Service Tax Customs Excise and Service Tax FY(1) 2004-05 to
Appellate Tribunal(2) FY(1) 2010-11,
FY(1) 2012-13 to
FY(1) 2017-18 299
Central Sales Tax Act, 1956 Central Sales Tax Joint Commissioner (Appeals) FY(1) 2016-17 -(4)
The Karnataka [Gram Panchayat Property High Court of Karnataka at Bengaluru FY(1) 2017-18 to
Swaraj and Panchayat Raj] Tax FY(1) 2020-21
Act, 1993 33
Greater Hyderabad Trade Licence Fee Ministry for Information Technology FY(1) 2021-22 to
Municipal Corporation Act, & Municipal Administration & Urban FY(1) 2022-23
1955 Development 3
UK Finance Act 1998 Corporation Tax His Majesty's Revenue and Customs FY(1) 2014-15 to
(HMRC) Tax Officer, United Kingdom(3) FY(1) 2016-17 220
Sales and use tax Act Sales and use tax Board of Finance & Revenue, CY(1) 2019 to
Act Pennsylvania CY(1) 2022 10
Employer Health Tax Act, Employer Health Tax Employer Health Tax Act FY(1) 2019-20
Canada 2
Footnotes:
(1) AY=Assessment Year; CY=Calendar Year; FY= Financial Year.
(2) Stay order has been granted against ₹60 crore disputed which has not been deposited.
(3) Stay order has been granted.
(4) Less than ₹1 crore.
(5) Stay order has been granted for FY 2021-22 against ₹1,305 crore.
viii. There were no transactions relating to previously unrecorded income that have been surrendered or disclosed as income during
the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961).
ix. (a) The Company has not taken any loans or other borrowings from any lender. Hence reporting under clause 3(ix)(a) of the
Order is not applicable.
(b) The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any
government authority.
(c) The Company has not taken any term loan during the year and there are no outstanding term loans at the beginning of the
year and hence, reporting under clause 3(ix)(c) of the Order is not applicable.
(d) On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, funds raised on short-term basis have, prima facie,
not been used during the year for long-term purposes by the Company.
(e) On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, the Company has not taken any funds from any
entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries.
(f) The Company has not raised any loans during the year and hence reporting on clause 3(ix)(f) of the Order is not applicable.
x. (a) The Company has not raised moneys by way of initial public offer or further public offer (including debt instruments)
during the year and hence reporting under clause 3(x)(a) of the Order is not applicable.
(b) During the year, the Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or convertible
debentures (fully or partly or optionally) and hence reporting under clause 3(x)(b) of the Order is not applicable.
xi. (a) No fraud by the Company and no material fraud on the Company has been noticed or reported during the year.
(b) No report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the Companies Act has been filed in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under
rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central Government, during the year and upto the
date of this report.
220 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
(c) We have taken into consideration the whistle blower complaints received by the Company during the year (and upto the
date of this report), while determining the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures.
xii. The Company is not a Nidhi Company and hence reporting under clause (xii) of the Order is not applicable.
xiii. In our opinion, the Company is in compliance with Section 177 and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 with respect to applicable
transactions with the related parties and the details of related party transactions have been disclosed in the Standalone
Financial Statements as required by the applicable accounting standards.
xiv. (a) In our opinion, the Company has an adequate internal audit system commensurate with the size and the
nature of its business.
(b) We have considered, the internal audit reports for the year under audit, issued to the Company during the year and till date,
in determining the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures.
xv. In our opinion, during the year the Company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with its Directors or persons
connected with its directors and hence provisions of section 192 of the Companies Act, 2013 are not applicable to the Company.
xvi. (a) In our opinion, the Company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934.
Hence, reporting under clause 3(xvi)(a), (b) and (c) of the Order is not applicable.
(b) In our opinion, there is no core investment company within the Group (as defined in the Core Investment Companies
(Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016) and accordingly reporting under clause 3(xvi)(d) of the Order is not applicable.
xvii. The Company has not incurred cash losses during the financial year covered by our audit and the immediately
preceding financial year.
xviii. There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors of the Company during the year.
xix. On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected dates of realisation of financial assets and payment of financial
liabilities, other information accompanying the financial statements and our knowledge of the Board of Directors and
Management plans and based on our examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to our
attention, which causes us to believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report indicating that
Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a
period of one year from the balance sheet date. We, however, state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability of
the Company. We further state that our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the audit report and we neither give
any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get
discharged by the Company as and when they fall due.
xx. (a) There are no unspent amounts towards Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) on other than ongoing projects requiring a
transfer to a Fund specified in Schedule VII to the Companies Act, 2013 in compliance with second proviso to sub-section
(5) of Section 135 of the said Act. Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(xx)(a) of the Order is not applicable for the year.
(b) In respect of ongoing projects, the Company has transferred unspent CSR amount as at the end of the previous financial
year, to a Special account within a period of 30 days from the end of the said financial year in compliance with the provision
of section 135(6) of the Companies Act, 2013.
In respect of ongoing projects, the Company has not transferred the unspent CSR amount as at the Balance Sheet date out
of the amounts that was required to be spent during the year, to a Special Account in compliance with the provision of sub-
section (6) of section 135 of the said Act till the date of our report since the time period for such transfer, i.e., 30 days from
the end of the financial year has not elapsed till the date of our report.
For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)
Vikas Bagaria
Partner
Place: Bengaluru (Membership No.060408)
Date: April 17, 2025 UDIN: 25060408BMOCIU7329
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 221
Balance Sheet
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Note As at March 31,
2025 2024
Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 2.1 10,070 10,813
Right-of-use assets 2.3 3,078 3,303
Capital work-in-progress 2.4 778 277
Goodwill 2.2 211 211
Financial assets
Investments 2.5 27,371 23,352
Loans 2.6 26 34
Other financial assets 2.7 2,350 1,756
Deferred tax assets (net) 2.17 497 –
Income tax assets (net) 2.17 1,164 2,583
Other non-current assets 2.10 2,223 1,669
Total non-current assets 47,768 43,998
Current assets
Financial assets
Investments 2.5 11,147 11,307
Trade receivables 2.8 26,413 25,152
Cash and cash equivalents 2.9 14,265 8,191
Loans 2.6 207 208
Other financial assets 2.7 12,569 10,129
Income tax assets (net) 2.17 2,949 6,329
Other current assets 2.10 9,618 9,636
Total current assets 77,168 70,952
Total assets 1,24,936 1,14,950
222 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Balance Sheet (contd.)
Particulars Note As at March 31,
2025 2024
Equity and liabilities
Equity
Equity share capital 2.12 2,076 2,075
Other equity 85,256 79,101
Total equity 87,332 81,176
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Financial liabilities
Lease liabilities 2.3 2,694 3,088
Other financial liabilities 2.13 1,991 1,941
Deferred tax liabilities (net) 2.17 1,062 1,509
Other non-current liabilities 2.15 95 150
Total non-current liabilities 5,842 6,688
Current liabilities
Financial liabilities
Lease liabilities 2.3 765 678
Trade payables 2.14
Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small 8 92
enterprises
Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro 2,720 2,401
enterprises and small enterprises
Other financial liabilities 2.13 14,101 11,808
Other current liabilities 2.15 9,159 7,681
Provisions 2.16 993 1,464
Income tax liabilities (net) 2.17 4,016 2,962
Total current liabilities 31,762 27,086
Total equity and liabilities 1,24,936 1,14,950
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Standalone financial statements.
As per our report of even date attached
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Infosys Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No :
117366W/W-100018
Vikas Bagaria Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh Bobby Parikh
Partner Chairman Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
Membership No. 060408 DIN: 00041245 Director DIN: 00019437
DIN: 01876159
Bengaluru Jayesh Sanghrajka A.G.S. Manikantha
April 17, 2025 Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Membership No. A21918
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 223
Statement of Profit and Loss
(In ₹ crore, except equity share and per equity share data)
Particulars Note Year ended March 31,
2025 2024
Revenue from operations 2.18 1,36,592 1,28,933
Other income, net 2.19 4,782 7,417
Total income 1,41,374 1,36,350
Expenses
Employee benefit expenses 2.20 67,466 65,139
Cost of technical sub-contractors 19,353 18,638
Travel expenses 1,467 1,372
Cost of software packages and others 2.20 9,617 6,891
Communication expenses 448 489
Consultancy and professional charges 1,245 1,059
Depreciation and amortization expenses 2.1, 2.2.2, and 2.3 2,619 2,944
Finance cost 221 277
Other expenses 2.20 3,497 3,588
Total expenses 1,05,933 1,00,397
Profit before tax 35,441 35,953
Tax expense:
Current tax 2.17 10,836 7,306
Deferred tax 2.17 (963) 1,413
Profit for the year 25,568 27,234
224 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Statement of Profit and Loss (contd.)
Particulars Note Year ended March 31,
2025 2024
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability / asset, net 2.17 and 2.21 (81) 128
Equity instruments through other comprehensive income, net 2.5 and 2.17 19 19
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Fair value changes on derivatives designated as cash flow hedge, net 2.11 and 2.17 (24) 11
Fair value changes on investments, net 2.5 and 2.17 191 129
Total other comprehensive income / (loss), net of tax 105 287
Total comprehensive income for the year 25,673 27,521
Earnings per equity share
Equity shares of par value ₹5/- each
Basic (in ₹ per share) 2.22 61.58 65.62
Diluted (in ₹ per share) 2.22 61.46 65.56
Weighted average equity shares used in computing earnings per equity share
Basic (in shares) 2.22 415,19,36,905 415,00,99,796
Diluted (in shares) 2.22 415,99,05,476 415,39,94,624
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Standalone financial statements.
As per our report of even date attached
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Infosys Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No :
117366W/W-100018
Vikas Bagaria Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh Bobby Parikh
Partner Chairman Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
Membership No. 060408 DIN: 00041245 Director DIN: 00019437
DIN: 01876159
Bengaluru Jayesh Sanghrajka A.G.S. Manikantha
April 17, 2025 Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Membership No. A21918
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 225
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Statement of Changes in Equity
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Equity Other equity Total equity
share attributable
Reserves and surplus Other comprehensive income
capital to equity
Capital reserve Capital Securities Retained General Share Special Equity Effective Other items holders
redemption premium earnings reserve options Economic instruments portion of other of the
Capital Other reserve outstanding Zone through other of Cash comprehensive Company
reserve reserves (2) account (SEZ) Re- comprehensive flow income / (loss)
investment income hedges
reserve (1)
Balance as at
April 1, 2023 2,074 54 2,862 169 133 52,183 2 878 9,654 260 (5) (519) 67,745
Changes in equity
for the year ended
March 31, 2024
Profit for the year – – – – – 27,234 – – – – – – 27,234
Remeasurement
of the net defined
benefit liability /
asset, net* – – – – – – – – – – – 128 128
Equity instruments
through other
comprehensive
income, net* (Refer
to Note 2.5 and 2.17) – – – – – – – – – 19 – – 19
Fair value changes
on derivatives
designated as
cash flow hedge,
net*(Refer to Note
2.11) – – – – – – – – – – 11 – 11
Fair value changes
on investments,
net* (Refer to Note
2.5 and 2.17) – – – – – – – – – – – 129 129
Total
comprehensive
income for the
year – – – – – 27,234 – – – 19 11 257 27,521
Transferred to
Special Economic
Zone Re-
investment reserve – – – – – (2,957) – – 2,957 – – – –
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Particulars Equity Other equity Total equity
share attributable
Reserves and surplus Other comprehensive income
capital to equity
Capital reserve Capital Securities Retained General Share Special Equity Effective Other items holders
redemption premium earnings reserve options Economic instruments portion of other of the
Capital Other reserve outstanding Zone through other of Cash comprehensive Company
reserve reserves (2) account (SEZ) Re- comprehensive flow income / (loss)
investment income hedges
reserve (1)
Transferred from
Special Economic
Zone Re-
investment reserve
on utilization – – – – – 824 – – (824) – – – –
Transferred on
account of exercise
of stock options
(Refer to Note 2.12) – – – – 447 – – (447) – – – – –
Transferred on
account of options
not exercised – – – – – – 160 (160) – – – – –
Shares issued
on exercise of
employee stock
options (Refer to
Note 2.12) 1 – – – – – – – – – – – 1
Employee stock
compensation
expense (Refer to
Note 2.12) – – – – – – – 639 – – – – 639
Income tax benefit
arising on exercise
of stock options – – – – – – – 3 – – – – 3
Dividends – – – – – (14,733) – – – – – – (14,733)
Balance as at
March 31, 2024 2,075 54 2,862 169 580 62,551 162 913 11,787 279 6 (262) 81,176
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Statement of Changes in Equity (contd.)
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Equity Other equity Total equity
share attributable
Reserves and surplus Other comprehensive income
capital to equity
Capital reserve Capital Securities Retained General Share Special Equity Effective Other items
holders
redemption premium earnings reserve options Economic instruments portion of of other
Capital Other of the
reserve outstanding Zone through other Cash flow comprehensive
reserve reserves (2) Company
account (SEZ) Re- comprehensive hedges income / (loss)
investment income
reserve (1)
Balance as at
April 1, 2024 2,075 54 2,862 169 580 62,551 162 913 11,787 279 6 (262) 81,176
Changes in
equity for the
year ended
March 31, 2025
Profit for the
year – – – – – 25,568 – – – – – – 25,568
Remeasurement
of the net
defined benefit
liability / asset,
net* – – – – – – – – – – – (81) (81)
Equity
instruments
through other
comprehensive
income, net*
(Refer to Note 2.5
and 2.17) – – – – – – – – – 19 – – 19
Fair value
changes on
derivatives
designated
as cash flow
hedge, net*
(Refer to Note
2.11 and 2.17) – – – – – – – – – – (24) – (24)
Fair value
changes on
investments,
net* (Refer to
Note 2.5 and
2.17) – – – – – – – – – – – 191 191
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Particulars Equity Other equity Total equity
share attributable
Reserves and surplus Other comprehensive income
capital to equity
Capital reserve Capital Securities Retained General Share Special Equity Effective Other items
holders
redemption premium earnings reserve options Economic instruments portion of of other
Capital Other of the
reserve outstanding Zone through other Cash flow comprehensive
reserve reserves (2) Company
account (SEZ) Re- comprehensive hedges income / (loss)
investment income
reserve (1)
Total
comprehensive
income for the
year – – – – – 25,568 – – – 19 (24) 110 25,673
Transferred
from Special
Economic Zone
Re-investment
reserve on
utilization – – – – – 821 – – (821) – – – –
Transferred
from Special
Economic Zone
Re-investment
reserve to
retained
earnings – – – – – 2,999 – – (2,999) – – – –
Transferred
to Special
Economic Zone
Re-investment
reserve – – – – – (74) – – 74 – – – –
Transferred
on account of
exercise of stock
options – – – – 472 – – (472) – – – – –
Transferred
on account of
options not
exercised – – – – – – 197 (197) – – – – –
Shares issued
on exercise of
employee stock
options (Refer to
Note 2.12) 1 – – – 2 – – – – – – – 3
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Particulars Equity Other equity Total equity
share attributable
Reserves and surplus Other comprehensive income
capital to equity
Capital reserve Capital Securities Retained General Share Special Equity Effective Other items
holders
redemption premium earnings reserve options Economic instruments portion of of other
Capital Other of the
reserve outstanding Zone through other Cash flow comprehensive
reserve reserves (2) Company
account (SEZ) Re- comprehensive hedges income / (loss)
investment income
reserve (1)
Employee stock
compensation
expense (Refer
to Note 2.12) – – – – – – – 786 – – – – 786
Income tax
benefit arising
on exercise of
stock options
(Refer to Note
2.17) – – – – – – – 39 – – – – 39
Dividends – – – – – (20,345) – – – – – – (20,345)
Balance as at
March 31, 2025 2,076 54 2,862 169 1,054 71,520 359 1,069 8,041 298 (18) (152) 87,332
* net of tax
(1) The Special Economic Zone Re-investment Reserve has been created out of the profit of eligible SEZ units in terms of the provisions of Section 10AA(1)(ii) of Income Tax Act, 1961. The reserve should be utilized
by the Company for acquiring new plant and machinery for the purpose of its business in the terms of the Section 10AA(2) of the Income Tax Act, 1961.
(2) Profit / loss on transfer of business between entities under common control taken to reserve.
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Standalone financial statements.
As per our report of even date attached
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Infosys Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No :
117366W/W-100018
Vikas Bagaria Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh Bobby Parikh
Partner Chairman Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Director
Membership No. 060408 DIN: 00041245 DIN: 01876159 DIN: 00019437
Bengaluru Jayesh Sanghrajka A.G.S. Manikantha
April 17, 2025 Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Membership No. A21918
Statement of Cash Flows
Accounting Policy
Cash flows are reported using the indirect method, whereby profit for the year is adjusted for the effects of transactions of a non-cash
nature, any deferrals or accruals of past or future operating cash receipts or payments and item of income or expenses associated with
investing or financing cash flows. The cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities of the Company are segregated. The
Company considers all highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash to be cash equivalents.
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Note Year ended March 31,
2025 2024
Cash flow from operating activities:
Profit for the year 25,568 27,234
Adjustments to reconcile net profit to net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation and Amortization 2.1, 2.2.2, 2.3 2,619 2,944
Income tax expense 2.17 9,873 8,719
Impairment loss recognized / (reversed) under expected credit loss model (7) 130
Finance cost 221 277
Interest and dividend income 2.19 (3,699) (4,670)
Stock compensation expense 2.12 712 575
Provision for post-sale client support (114) 77
Exchange differences on translation of assets and liabilities, net 170 63
Interest receivable on income tax refund (327) (1,934)
Other adjustments 165 235
Changes in assets and liabilities
Trade receivables and unbilled revenue (2,994) (2,933)
Loans, other financial assets and other assets (1,942) (1,645)
Trade payables 236 67
Other financial liabilities, other liabilities and provisions 3,529 (117)
Cash generated from operations 34,010 29,022
Income taxes paid (4,601) (8,235)
Net cash generated by operating activities 29,409 20,787
Cash flow from investing activities:
Expenditure on property, plant and equipment (1,587) (1,832)
Deposits placed with corporation (1,026) (688)
Redemption of deposits placed with corporation 593 522
Interest and dividend received 1,672 1,441
Dividend received from subsidiary 1,522 2,976
Loan given to subsidiaries (10) –
Loan repaid by subsidiaries – 4
Investment in subsidiaries (4,361) (63)
Payment towards acquisition of entities (184) –
Receipt / (payment) towards business transfer for entities under common control – 35
Receipt / (payment) from entities under liquidation – 80
Other receipts 2 123
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 231
Particulars Note Year ended March 31,
2025 2024
Payments to acquire investments
Liquid mutual fund units (66,637) (57,606)
Commercial papers (6,058) (9,405)
Certificates of deposit (6,138) (7,011)
Non-convertible debentures (3,240) (1,526)
Other investments (25) (2)
Proceeds on sale of investments
Tax-free bonds and government bonds 105 150
Liquid mutual fund units 67,597 56,124
Non-convertible debentures 2,376 955
Certificates of deposit 5,984 6,962
Commercial papers 7,260 5,475
Government securities 200 5
Other investments 12 20
Net cash used in investing activities (1,943) (3,261)
Cash flow from financing activities:
Payment of lease liabilities 2.3 (859) (850)
Shares issued on exercise of employee stock options 3 1
Other payments (186) (243)
Payment of dividends (20,337) (14,733)
Net cash used in financing activities (21,379) (15,825)
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 6,087 1,701
Effect of exchange differences on translation of foreign currency cash and cash equivalents (13) (44)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 2.9 8,191 6,534
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 2.9 14,265 8,191
Supplementary information:
Restricted cash balance 2.9 45 44
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Standalone financial statements.
As per our report of even date attached
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Infosys Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No :
117366W/W-100018
Vikas Bagaria Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh Bobby Parikh
Partner Chairman Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
Membership No. 060408 DIN: 00041245 Director DIN: 00019437
DIN: 01876159
Bengaluru Jayesh Sanghrajka A.G.S. Manikantha
April 17, 2025 Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Membership No. A21918
232 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Overview and Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
1. Overview statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the period. The application of accounting policies
1.1 Company overview that require critical accounting estimates involving complex
and subjective judgments and the use of assumptions in
Infosys Limited ("the Company" or Infosys) provides
these financial statements have been disclosed in Note 1.4.
consulting, technology, outsourcing and next-generation
Accounting estimates could change from period to period.
digital services, to enable clients to execute strategies for their
Actual results could differ from those estimates. Appropriate
digital transformation. Infosys' strategic objective is to build a
changes in estimates are made as management becomes aware
sustainable organization that remains relevant to the agenda of
of changes in circumstances surrounding the estimates. Changes
clients, while creating growth opportunities for employees and
in estimates and judgements are reflected in the financial
generating profitable returns for investors. Infosys' strategy is to
statements in the period in which changes are made and, if
be a navigator for our clients as they ideate, plan and execute on
material, their effects are disclosed in the notes to the Standalone
their journey to a digital future.
financial statements.
The Company is a public limited company incorporated and
domiciled in India and has its registered office at Electronics City, 1.4 Critical accounting estimates and judgments
Hosur Road, Bengaluru 560100, Karnataka, India. The Company
a. Revenue recognition
has its primary listings on the BSE Ltd. and National Stock
Exchange of India Limited. The Company’s American Depositary The Company’s contracts with customers include promises to
Shares (ADS) representing equity shares are listed on the New transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Revenues
York Stock Exchange (NYSE). from customer contracts are considered for recognition and
measurement when the contract has been approved, in writing,
The Standalone financial statements are approved for issue by the by the parties to the contract, the parties to contract are
Company's Board of Directors on April 17, 2025. committed to perform their respective obligations under the
contract, and the contract is legally enforceable. The Company
1.2 Basis of preparation of financial statements assesses the services promised in a contract and identifies
These Standalone financial statements are prepared in accordance distinct performance obligations in the contract. Identification of
with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (''the Act''), distinct performance obligations to determine the deliverables
guidelines issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of and the ability of the customer to benefit independently from
India (SEBI) and Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS) under the such deliverables, and allocation of transaction price to these
historical cost convention on accrual basis except for certain distinct performance obligations involves significant judgement.
financial instruments which are measured at fair values, defined
Fixed-price maintenance revenue is recognized ratably on a
benefit liability / (asset) which is recognized at the present value
straight-line basis when services are performed through an
of defined benefit obligation less fair value of plan assets. The Ind
indefinite number of repetitive acts over a specified period.
AS are prescribed under Section 133 of the Act read with Rule 3
Revenue from fixed-price maintenance contract is recognized
of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and
ratably using a percentage of completion method when the
relevant amendment rules issued thereafter.
pattern of benefits from the services rendered to the customer
Accounting policies have been consistently applied except where and Company’s costs to fulfil the contract is not even through the
a newly-issued accounting standard is initially adopted or a period of the contract because the services are generally discrete
revision to an existing accounting standard requires a change in in nature and not repetitive. The use of method to recognize the
the accounting policy hitherto in use. The material accounting maintenance revenues requires judgment and is based on the
policy information used in preparation of the audited condensed promises in the contract and nature of the deliverables.
standalone interim financial statements have been discussed in
The Company uses the percentage-of-completion method
the respective notes.
in accounting for other fixed-price contracts. Use of the
As the year to date figures are taken from the source and percentage-of-completion method requires the Company to
rounded to the nearest digits, the figures reported for the determine the actual efforts or costs expended to date as a
previous quarters might not always add up to the year to date proportion of the estimated total efforts or costs to be incurred.
figures reported in this statement. Efforts or costs expended have been used to measure progress
towards completion as there is a direct relationship between
1.3 Use of estimates and judgments input and productivity. The estimation of total efforts or costs
involves significant judgement and is assessed throughout the
The preparation of the financial statements in conformity
period of the contract to reflect any changes based on the latest
with Ind AS requires the Management to make estimates,
available information.
judgments and assumptions. These estimates, judgments and
assumptions affect the application of accounting policies and Contracts with customers includes subcontractor services or
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosures third-party vendor equipment or software in certain integrated
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial services arrangements. In these types of arrangements, revenue
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 233
from sales of third-party vendor products or services is recorded 2. Notes to the Standalone financial statements
net of costs when the Company is acting as an agent between
the customer and the vendor, and gross when the Company 2.1 Property, plant and equipment
is the principal for the transaction. In doing so, the Company
Accounting Policy
first evaluates whether it obtains control of the specified goods
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, less
or services before they are transferred to the customer. The
accumulated depreciation and impairment, if any. Costs directly
Company considers whether it is primarily responsible for
attributable to acquisition are capitalized until the property,
fulfilling the promise to provide the specified goods or services,
plant and equipment are ready for use, as intended by the
inventory risk, pricing discretion and other factors to determine
Management. The charge in respect of periodic depreciation is
whether it controls the specified goods or services and therefore,
derived at after determining an estimate of an asset’s expected
is acting as a principal or an agent.
useful life and the expected residual value at the end of its life.
Provisions for estimated losses, if any, on incomplete contracts The Company depreciates property, plant and equipment over
are recorded in the period in which such losses become probable their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method.
based on the estimated efforts or costs to complete the contract.
The estimated useful lives of assets are as follows:
b. Income taxes
Building(1) 22-25 years
The Company's two major tax jurisdictions are India and the
Plant and machinery(1) 5 years
United States, though the Company also files tax returns in other
overseas jurisdictions. Office equipment 5 years
Significant judgments are involved in determining the provision Computer equipment(1) 3-5 years
for income taxes, including amount expected to be paid / Furniture and fixtures(1) 5 years
recovered for uncertain tax positions.
Vehicles(1) 5 years
In assessing the realizability of deferred income tax assets, the Leasehold improvements Lower of useful life of the asset
Management considers whether some portion or all of the or lease term
deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate
realization of deferred income tax assets is dependent upon (1) Based on technical evaluation, the Management believes that the
the generation of future taxable income during the periods useful lives as given above best represent the period over which the
Management expects to use these assets. Hence, the useful lives for
in which the temporary differences become deductible. The
these assets is different from the useful lives as prescribed under Part C of
Management considers the scheduled reversals of deferred
Schedule II of the Companies Act 2013.
income tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax
Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are
planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on the level
reviewed periodically, including at each financial year end. The
of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable
useful lives are based on historical experience with similar assets
income over the periods in which the deferred income tax
as well as anticipation of future events, which may impact their
assets are deductible, management believes that the Company
life, such as changes in technology.
will realize the benefits of those deductible differences. The
amount of the deferred income tax assets considered realizable, Advances paid towards the acquisition of property, plant and
however, could be reduced in the near term if estimates of equipment outstanding at each Balance Sheet date is classified
future taxable income during the carry forward period are as capital advances under other non-current assets and the
reduced. Refer to Note 2.17 cost of assets not ready to use before such date are disclosed
under ‘Capital work-in-progress’. Subsequent expenditures
c. Property, plant and equipment relating to property, plant and equipment is capitalized only
Property, plant and equipment represent a significant proportion when it is probable that future economic benefits associated
of the asset base of the Company. The charge in respect of with these will flow to the Company and the cost of the item
periodic depreciation is derived after determining an estimate can be measured reliably. The cost and related accumulated
of an asset’s expected useful life and the expected residual depreciation are eliminated from the financial statements upon
value at the end of its life. The useful lives and residual values sale or retirement of the asset.
of Company's assets are determined by the Management
at the time the asset is acquired and reviewed periodically, Impairment
including at each financial year end. The lives are based on Property, plant and equipment are evaluated for recoverability
historical experience with similar assets as well as anticipation whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their
of future events, which may impact their life, such as changes in carrying amounts may not be recoverable. For the purpose of
technology. Refer to Note 2.1 impairment testing, the recoverable amount (i.e. the higher of
the fair value less cost to sell and the value-in-use) is determined
on an individual asset basis unless the asset does not generate
cash flows that are largely independent of those from other
assets. In such cases, the recoverable amount is determined for
the Cash Generating Unit (CGU) to which the asset belongs.
234 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to amount. The carrying amount of the asset is increased to its
be recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss is measured by revised recoverable amount, provided that this amount does not
the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds the exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined
estimated recoverable amount of the asset. An impairment loss (net of any accumulated depreciation) had no impairment loss
is reversed in the Statement of Profit and Loss if there has been been recognized for the asset in prior years.
a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable
The changes in the carrying value of property, plant and equipment for the year ended March 31, 2025 are as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Land – Buildings(1)(2) Plant and Office Computer Furniture Leasehold Vehicles Total
Freehold machinery(2) equipment(2) equipment(2) and improvements
fixtures(2)
Gross carrying
value as at April 1,
2024 1,430 10,679 3,214 1,370 7,379 2,160 963 45 27,240
Additions 47 32 45 97 1,013 47 68 2 1,351
Deletions** – (90) (21) (44) (475) (81) (250) (1) (962)
Gross carrying
value as at March
31, 2025 1,477 10,621 3,238 1,423 7,917 2,126 781 46 27,629
Accumulated
depreciation as at
April 1, 2024 – (4,575) (2,732) (1,139) (5,497) (1,709) (733) (42) (16,427)
Depreciation – (402) (176) (99) (1,034) (166) (125) (2) (2,004)
Accumulated
depreciation on
deletions** – 13 20 43 469 79 247 1 872
Accumulated
depreciation as at
March 31, 2025 – (4,964) (2,888) (1,195) (6,062) (1,796) (611) (43) (17,559)
Carrying value as at
April 1, 2024 1,430 6,104 482 231 1,882 451 230 3 10,813
Carrying value as at
March 31, 2025 1,477 5,657 350 228 1,855 330 170 3 10,070
** During the year ended March 31, 2025, certain assets which were not in use having gross book value of ₹411 crore (net book value: Nil) were retired.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 235
The changes in the carrying value of property, plant and equipment for the year ended March 31, 2024 were as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Land – Buildings(1)(2) Plant and Office Computer Furniture Leasehold Vehicles Total
Freehold machinery(2) equipment(2) equipment(2) and improvements
fixtures(2)
Gross carrying
value as at April 1,
2023 1,429 10,445 3,144 1,314 7,235 2,129 968 45 26,709
Additions 1 289 119 90 765 100 70 1 1,435
Additions through
business transfer
(Refer to Note 2.5) – – – 2 12 8 12 – 34
Deletions* – (55) (49) (36) (633) (77) (87) (1) (938)
Gross carrying
value as at March
31, 2024 1,430 10,679 3,214 1,370 7,379 2,160 963 45 27,240
Accumulated
depreciation as at
April 1, 2023 – (4,223) (2,558) (1,060) (4,977) (1,549) (646) (40) (15,053)
Depreciation – (407) (223) (114) (1,144) (230) (171) (3) (2,292)
Accumulated
depreciation on
deletions* – 55 49 35 624 70 84 1 918
Accumulated
depreciation as at
March 31, 2024 – (4,575) (2,732) (1,139) (5,497) (1,709) (733) (42) (16,427)
Carrying value as at
April 1, 2023 1,429 6,222 586 254 2,258 580 322 5 11,656
Carrying value as at
March 31, 2024 1,430 6,104 482 231 1,882 451 230 3 10,813
* During the year ended March 31, 2024, certain assets which were not in use having gross book value of ₹646 crore (net book value: Nil), were retired.
(1) Buildings include ₹250/- being the value of five shares of ₹50/- each in Mittal Towers Premises Co-operative Society Limited.
(2) Includes certain assets provided on cancellable operating lease to subsidiaries.
The aggregate depreciation has been included under
Particulars Cost Accumulated Net book
depreciation and amortization expense in the Statement of
depreciation value
Profit and Loss.
Computer equipment 2 2 –
Repairs and maintenance costs are recognized in the Statement
2 2 –
of Profit and Loss when incurred.
Leasehold improvement 40 30 10
Tangible assets provided on operating lease to subsidiaries as at
40 24 16
March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 are as follows:
Office equipment(1) 22 20 2
(In ₹ crore) 23 20 3
Particulars Cost Accumulated Net book
(1) During the year ended March 31, 2025, certain assets provided on
depreciation value
operating lease which were not in use having gross book value of ₹2 crore
Land 32 – 32 (net book value: Nil) were retired.
32 – 32 (In ₹ crore)
Buildings 333 150 183 Particulars Year ended March 31,
333 138 195 2025 2024
Plant and machinery 36 34 2 Aggregate depreciation charged
36 34 2 on above assets 21 26
Furniture and fixtures(1) 28 25 3 The rental income from subsidiary in current year is ₹75 crore and
in last year, it was ₹78 crore.
29 25 4
236 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
2.2 Goodwill and other intangible assets The allocation of goodwill to operating segments as at March 31,
2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
2.2.1 Goodwill
The summary of changes in the carrying amount of
(In ₹ crore)
goodwill is as follows:
Segment As at March 31,
(In ₹ crore) 2025 2024
Financial services 64 64
Particulars Year ended March 31,
Retail 34 34
2025 2024
Communication 28 28
Carrying value at the beginning 211 211
Energy, Utilities, Resources and
Carrying value at the end 211 211
Services 27 27
Manufacturing 21 21
174 174
Operating segments without
significant goodwill 37 37
Total 211 211
2.2.2 Other intangible assets
Accounting policy
Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortization and impairment. Intangible assets are amortized over their respective
individual estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis, from the date that they are available for use. The estimated useful life of an
identifiable intangible asset is based on a number of factors including the effects of obsolescence, demand, competition, and other
economic factors (such as the stability of the industry, and known technological advances), and the level of maintenance expenditures
required to obtain the expected future cash flows from the asset. Amortization methods and useful lives are reviewed periodically
including at each financial year end.
Research costs are expensed as incurred. Software product development costs are expensed as incurred unless technical and
commercial feasibility of the project is demonstrated, future economic benefits are probable, the Company has an intention and ability
to complete and use or sell the software and the costs can be measured reliably. The costs which can be capitalized include the cost of
material, direct labor, overhead costs that are directly attributable to prepare the asset for its intended use.
The changes in the carrying value of acquired intangible assets for the year ended March 31, 2025 are as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Customer- Software- Trade name- Others Total
related related related
Gross carrying value as at April 1, 2024 113 54 26 26 219
Deletions – – – – –
Gross carrying value as at March 31, 2025 113 54 26 26 219
Accumulated amortization as at April 1, 2024 (113) (54) (26) (26) (219)
Amortization expense – – – – –
Accumulated amortization on deletions – – – – –
Accumulated amortization as at March 31, 2025 (113) (54) (26) (26) (219)
Carrying value as at March 31, 2025 – – – – –
Carrying value as at April 1, 2024 – – – – –
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 237
The changes in the carrying value of acquired intangible assets for the year ended March 31, 2024 were as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Customer- Software- Trade name- Others Total
related related related
Gross carrying value as at April 1, 2023 113 54 26 26 219
Deletions – – – – –
Gross carrying value as at March 31, 2024 113 54 26 26 219
Accumulated amortization as at April 1, 2023 (113) (51) (26) (26) (216)
Amortization expense – (3) – – (3)
Accumulated amortization on deletions – – – – –
Accumulated amortization as at March 31, 2024 (113) (54) (26) (26) (219)
Carrying value as at March 31, 2024 – – – – –
Carrying value as at April 1, 2023 – 3 – – 3
Estimated Useful Life (in years) 7 2 5 5
Estimated Remaining Useful Life (in years) – – – –
The amortization expense has been included under depreciation and amortization expense in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss.
Research and Development Expenditure whether it is reasonably certain that any options to extend or
terminate the contract will be exercised. In evaluating the lease
Research and Development expense recognized in net
term, the Company considers factors such as any significant
profit in the Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended
leasehold improvements undertaken over the lease term, costs
March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is ₹850 crore and ₹695
relating to the termination of the lease and the importance
crore, respectively.
of the underlying asset to Infosys’s operations taking into
account the location of the underlying asset and the availability
2.3 Leases
of suitable alternatives. The lease term in future periods is
Accounting policy reassessed to ensure that the lease term reflects the current
The Company as a lessee economic circumstances.
The Company’s lease asset classes primarily consist of leases for Certain lease arrangements include the options to extend or
land, buildings and computers. The Company assesses whether terminate the lease before the end of the lease term. ROU assets
a contract contains a lease, at inception of a contract. A contract and lease liabilities includes these options when it is reasonably
is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control certain that they will be exercised.
the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange
The ROU assets are initially recognized at cost, which comprises
for consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys the right
the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease
to control the use of an identified asset, the Company assesses
payments made at or prior to the commencement date of the
whether: (i) the contract involves the use of an identified asset
lease plus any initial direct costs less any lease incentives. They
(ii) the Company has substantially all of the economic benefits
are subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation
from use of the asset through the period of the lease and (iii) the
and impairment losses.
Company has the right to direct the use of the asset.
The ROU assets are depreciated from the commencement date
At the date of commencement of the lease, the Company
on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and
recognizes a Right-of-use asset (“ROU”) and a corresponding lease
useful life of the underlying asset. The ROU assets are evaluated
liability for all lease arrangements in which it is a lessee, except
for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances
for leases with a term of twelve months or less (short-term leases)
indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. For
and low value leases. For these short-term and low value leases,
the purpose of impairment testing, the recoverable amount (i.e.
the Company recognizes the lease payments as an operating
the higher of the fair value less cost to sell and the value-in-use) is
expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
determined on an individual asset basis unless the asset does not
As a lessee, the Company determines the lease term as the non- generate cash flows that are largely independent of those from
cancellable period of a lease adjusted with any option to extend other assets. In such cases, the recoverable amount is determined
or terminate the lease, if the use of such option is reasonably for the Cash Generating Unit (CGU) to which the asset belongs.
certain. The Company makes an assessment on the expected
lease term on a lease-by-lease basis and thereby assesses
238 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
The lease liability is initially measured at amortized cost at the The Company as a lessor
present value of the future lease payments. The lease payments Leases for which the Company is a lessor is classified as a finance
are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if or operating lease. Whenever the terms of the lease transfer
not readily determinable, using the incremental borrowing rates substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee,
in the country of domicile of these leases. Lease liabilities are the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are
remeasured with a corresponding adjustment to the related right classified as operating leases.
of use asset if the Company changes its assessment if whether it
will exercise an extension or a termination option. When the Company is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for
its interests in the head lease and the sublease separately. The
Lease liability and ROU asset have been separately presented in sublease is classified as a finance or operating lease by reference
the Balance Sheet and lease payments have been classified as to the ROU asset arising from the head lease.
financing cash flows.
For operating leases, rental income is recognized on a straight-
line basis over the term of the relevant lease.
The changes in the carrying value of right-of-use assets for the year ended March 31, 2025 are as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Category of ROU asset Total
Land Buildings Computers
Balance as at April 1, 2024 534 2,266 503 3,303
Additions* – 430 353 783
Deletions – (181) (207) (388)
Depreciation (4) (410) (206) (620)
Balance as at March 31, 2025 530 2,105 443 3,078
* Net of adjustments on account of modifications
The changes in the carrying value of right-of-use assets for the year ended March 31, 2024 were as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Category of ROU asset Total
Land Buildings Computers
Balance as at April 1, 2023 548 2,669 344 3,561
Additions* – 336 420 756
Deletions (10) (169) (92) (271)
Impairment – (88) – (88)
Depreciation (4) (482) (169) (655)
Balance as at March 31, 2024 534 2,266 503 3,303
* Net of adjustments on account of modifications and lease incentives
The aggregate depreciation expense on ROU assets is included under depreciation and amortization expense in the
Statement of Profit and Loss.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 239
The break-up of current and non-current lease liabilities as at The movement in the net investment in lease during the year
March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows: ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
(In ₹ crore) (In ₹ crore)
Particulars As at March 31, Particulars As at March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Current lease liabilities 765 678 Balance at the beginning 319 131
Non-current lease liabilities 2,694 3,088 Addition 268 193
Total 3,459 3,766 Interest income accrued during 11 6
the period
The movement in lease liabilities during the year ended
Lease receipts (133) (8)
March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
Translation difference 4 (3)
(In ₹ crore) Balance at the end 469 319
Particulars As at March 31,
2.4 Capital work-in-progress (CWIP)
2025 2024
Changes in capital work-in-progress are as follows:
Balance at the beginning 3,766 4,266
Additions 718 590 (In ₹ crore)
Finance cost accrued during the 162 166 Particulars As at March 31,
period 2025 2024
Deletions (394) (413) Balance at the beginning 277 275
Payment of lease liabilities (859) (852) Additions during the year 1,805 1,436
Translation Difference 66 9 Capitalized during the year (1,304) (1,434)
Balance at the end 3,459 3,766 Balance at the end 778 277
The details regarding the contractual maturities of lease liabilities The capital work-in-progress ageing schedule for the year ended
as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 on an undiscounted March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
basis are as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Amount in CWIP for a period of Total
Particulars As at March 31,
Less More
1-2 2-3
2025 2024 than 1 than 3
years years
Less than one year 812 803 year years
One to five years 2,152 2,735 Projects in
progress 540 204 22 12 778
More than five years 990 819
243 22 1 11 277
Total 3,954 4,357
Total capital
work-in-progress 540 204 22 12 778
The Company does not face a significant liquidity risk
with regard to its lease liabilities as the current assets are 243 22 1 11 277
sufficient to meet the obligations related to lease liabilities as
and when they fall due.
Rental expense recorded for short-term leases was ₹19 crore
and ₹16 crore for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March
31, 2024 respectively.
Leases not yet commenced to which the Company is committed
to ₹66 crore for a lease term up to 5 years.
240 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
For capital-work-in progress, whose completion is overdue or has exceeded its cost compared to its original plan, the project-wise details
of when the project is expected to be completed as of March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars To be completed in Total
Less than 1 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3
year years
Projects in progress
NO-SZ-SDB 256 – – – 256
– – – – –
Total capital work-in-progress 256 – – – 256
– – – – –
2.5 Investments
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars As at March 31,
2025 2024
Non-current investments
Equity instruments of subsidiaries 13,724 9,150
Redeemable Preference shares of subsidiary 2,831 2,831
Preference securities and equity securities 251 206
Target maturity fund units 465 431
Others 61 84
Tax-free bonds 1,465 1,731
Government bonds 14 14
Non-convertible debentures 3,320 2,216
Government securities 5,240 6,689
Total non-current investments 27,371 23,352
Current investments
Liquid mutual fund units 1,185 1,913
Commercial papers 3,442 4,507
Certificates of deposit 3,257 2,945
Tax-free bonds 154 –
Government securities 1,560 204
Non-convertible debentures 1,549 1,738
Total current investments 11,147 11,307
Total carrying value 38,518 34,659
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 241
(In ₹ crore, except as otherwise stated)
Particulars As at March 31,
2025 2024
Non-current investments
Unquoted
Investment carried at cost
Investments in equity instruments of subsidiaries
Infosys BPM Limited 662 662
33,828 (33,828) equity shares of ₹10,000/- each, fully paid up
Infosys Technologies (China) Co. Limited 369 369
Infosys Technologies, S. de R.L. de C.V., Mexico 65 65
17,49,99,990 (17,49,99,990) equity shares of MXN 1 par value, fully paid up
Infosys Technologies (Sweden) AB 76 76
1,000 (1,000) equity shares of SEK 100 par value, fully paid
Infosys Technologies (Shanghai) Company Limited 1,010 1,010
Infosys Public Services, Inc. 99 99
3,50,00,000 (3,50,00,000) shares of USD 0.50 par value, fully paid
Infosys Consulting Holding AG 1,323 1,323
23,350 (23,350) – Class A shares of CHF 1,000 each and
26,460 (26,460) – Class B Shares of CHF 100 each, fully paid up
EdgeVerve Systems Limited 1,312 1,312
1,31,18,40,000 (1,31,18,40,000) equity shares of ₹10/- each, fully paid up
Infosys Nova Holdings LLC# 3,017 2,637
Infosys Singapore Pte Ltd 4,327 10
2,73,19,411 (1,09,90,000) shares
Brilliant Basics Holding Limited 59 59
1,346 (1,346) shares of GBP 0.005 each, fully paid up
Infosys Arabia Limited 2 2
70 (70) shares
Panaya Inc. 582 582
2 (2) shares of USD 0.01 per share, fully paid up
Infosys Chile SpA 7 7
100 (100) shares
WongDoody, Inc. – 380
Nil (100) shares
Infosys Luxembourg S.a r.l. 26 26
30,000 (30,000) shares
Infosys Austria GmbH – –
80,000 (80,000) shares of EUR 1 par value, fully paid up
Infosys Consulting Brazil 337 337
27,50,71,070 (27,50,71,070) shares of BRL 1 per share, fully paid up
Infosys Consulting S.R.L. (Romania) 34 34
99,183 (99,183) shares of RON 100 per share, fully paid up
Infosys Limited Bulgaria EOOD 2 2
4,58,000 (4,58,000) shares of BGN 1 per share, fully paid up
242 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Particulars As at March 31,
2025 2024
Infosys Germany Holdings GmbH 2 2
25,000 (25,000) shares EUR 1 per share, fully paid up
Infosys Green Forum 1 1
10,00,000 (10,00,000) shares 10 per share, fully paid up
Infosys Automotive and Mobility GmbH 15 15
Infosys Turkey Bilgi Teknolojileri Limited Sirketi 79 48
2,770,326 (1,508,060) share Turkish Liras 100 (10,000) per share, fully paid up
Infosys Consulting S.R.L. (Argentina) 2 2
2,94,500 (2,94,500) shares AR$ 100 per share, fully paid up
Infosys Business Solutions LLC 8 8
10,000 (10,000) shares USD 100 per share, fully paid up
Idunn Information Technology Private Limited 82 82
3,27,788 (3,27,788) shared 10 per share fully paid up
InSemi Technology Services Private Limited(2) 198 –
10,33,440 (Nil) shares 10 per share fully paid up
in-tech Group India Private Limited 15 –
10,000 (Nil) shares 10 per share fully paid up
Infosys Services (Thailand) Limited 13 –
49,99,998 (Nil) shares THB 10 per share fully paid up
Investments in Redeemable Preference shares of subsidiary
Infosys Singapore Pte Ltd 2,831 2,831
51,02,00,000 (51,02,00,000 ) shares
16,555 11,981
Investments carried at fair value through profit or loss
Target maturity fund units 465 431
Equity and preference securities 25 –
Others(1) 61 84
551 515
Investments carried at fair value through other comprehensive income
Preference securities 167 91
Equity securities 2 2
169 93
Quoted
Investments carried at amortized cost
Tax-free bonds 1,465 1,731
Government bonds 14 14
1,479 1,745
Investments carried at fair value through other comprehensive income
Non-convertible debentures 3,320 2,216
Equity securities 57 113
Government securities 5,240 6,689
8,617 9,018
Total non-current investments 27,371 23,352
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 243
Particulars As at March 31,
2025 2024
Current investments
Unquoted
Investments carried at fair value through profit or loss
Liquid mutual fund units 1,185 1,913
1,185 1,913
Investments carried at fair value through other comprehensive income
Commercial papers 3,442 4,507
Certificates of deposit 3,257 2,945
6,699 7,452
Quoted
Investments carried at amortized cost
Tax-free bonds 154 –
154 –
Investments carried at fair value through other comprehensive income
Government securities 1,560 204
Non-convertible debentures 1,549 1,738
3,109 1,942
Total current investments 11,147 11,307
Total investments 38,518 34,659
Aggregate amount of quoted investments 13,359 12,705
Market value of quoted investments (including interest accrued), current 3,266 1,942
Market value of quoted investments (including interest accrued), non-current 10,269 10,978
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments 25,159 21,954
# Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments 94 94
Reduction in the fair value of assets held for sale 854 854
Investments carried at cost 16,555 11,981
Investments carried at amortized cost 1,633 1,745
Investments carried at fair value through other comprehensive income 18,594 18,505
Investments carried at fair value through profit or loss 1,736 2,428
(1) Uncalled capital commitments outstanding as of March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 was ₹27 crore and ₹5 crore, respectively.
(2) On May 10, 2024, Infosys Limited acquired 100% voting interests in InSemi Technology Services Private Limited, a semiconductor design services company
headquartered in India. This acquisition is expected to strengthen our expertise in semiconductor ecosystem and Engineering R&D services. The business
acquisition was conducted by entering into a share purchase agreement for a total consideration of ₹198 crore as on acquisition date, which includes a cash
consideration of ₹168 crore and contingent consideration with an estimated fair value of ₹30 crore as on the date of acquisition. At the acquisition date, the key
inputs used in determination of the fair value of contingent consideration are the probabilities assigned towards achievement of financial targets and discount
rate of 5.9%. The undiscounted value of contingent consideration as of March 31, 2025 was ₹33 crore.
Refer to Note 2.11 for accounting policies on financial instruments.
244 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Details of amounts recorded in Other comprehensive income:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Gross Tax Net Gross Tax Net
Net Gain / (loss) on
Non-convertible debentures 52 (6) 46 55 5 60
Government securities 155 (14) 141 89 (20) 69
Commercial Paper 3 (1) 2 – – –
Certificates of deposits 3 (1) 2 – – –
Equity and preference securities 20 (1) 19 10 9 19
Method of fair valuation :
(In ₹ crore)
Class of investment Method Fair value as at March 31,
2025 2024
Liquid mutual fund units – carried at fair value Quoted price
through profit or loss 1,185 1,913
Target maturity fund units – carried at fair value Quoted price
through profit or loss 465 431
Tax-free bonds and government bonds – carried at Quoted price and market observable inputs
amortized cost 1,796 1,959
Non-convertible debentures – carried at fair value Quoted price and market observable inputs
through other comprehensive income 4,869 3,954
Government securities – carried at fair value through Quoted price and market observable inputs
other comprehensive income 6,800 6,893
Commercial papers – carried at fair value through Market observable inputs
other comprehensive income 3,442 4,507
Certificates of deposit – carried at fair value through Market observable inputs
other comprehensive income 3,257 2,945
Quoted Equity Securities – carried at fair value Quoted price
through other comprehensive income 57 113
Unquoted equity and preference securities – carried at Discounted cash flows method, Market multiples
fair value through profit or loss method, Option pricing model 25 –
Unquoted equity and preference securities – carried at Discounted cash flows method, Market multiples
fair value through other comprehensive income method, Option pricing model 169 93
Others – carried at fair value through profit or loss Discounted cash flows method, Market multiples
method, Option pricing model 61 84
Total 22,126 22,892
Note : Certain quoted investments are classified as Level 2 in the absence of active market for such investments.
2.5.1 Business transfer-IDUNN Information Technology (In ₹ crore)
Private Limited
Particulars Total
During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company completed
Property, plant and equipment 34
business transfer agreement with IDUNN Information
Technology Private Limited by transferring the assets, liabilities Net liabilities (72)
and employees to the Company. The details of the assets and Net consideration (38)
liabilities transferred and the consideration received is as below:
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 245
2.5.2 Details of investments
The details of investments in preference, equity and other instruments at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 are as follows:
(In ₹ crore, except as otherwise stated)
Particulars As at March 31,
2025 2024
Preference securities
Investments carried at fair value through other comprehensive income
Airviz Inc. – –
2,89,695 (2,89,695) Series A Preferred Stock, fully paid up, par value USD 0.001 each
Whoop Inc 129 60
1,10,59,340 (1,10,59,340) Series B Preferred Stock, fully paid up, par value USD 0.0001 each
Nivetti Systems Private Limited 38 31
Investments carried at fair value through profit or loss
Galaxeye Space Solutions Private Limited 17 –
1,210 (Nil) Series A compulsorily convertible cumulative Preference shares of ₹10/- each, fully paid up
4Basecare Precision Health Private Limited 8 –
18,850 (Nil) Series A compulsorily convertible cumulative Preference shares of ₹1/- each, fully paid up
Equity instrument
Investments carried at fair value through other comprehensive income
Merasport Technologies Private Limited – –
2,420 (2,420) equity shares at ₹8,052/- each, fully paid up, par value ₹10/- each
Global Innovation and Technology Alliance 2 2
15,000 (15,000) equity shares at ₹1,000/- each, fully paid up, par value ₹1,000/- each
Ideaforge Technology Limited 57 113
16,47,314 (16,47,314) equity shares at ₹10/-, fully paid up
Investments carried at fair value through profit or loss
Galaxeye Space Solutions Private Limited – –
10 (Nil) equity shares at ₹1,36,080/- each, fully paid up, par value ₹10/- each
Others investments carried at fair value through profit or loss
Stellaris Venture Partners India 53 84
Yali Deeptech Fund I 8 –
Total 290 278
2.6 Loans
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars As at March 31, Particulars As at March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Non-current Less: Allowance for credit impairment – –
Loan to subsidiary(1) 10 – – –
Loans considered good – Unsecured Total non-current loans 26 34
Other loans Current
Loans to employees 16 34 Loans considered good – Unsecured
26 34 Other loans
Loans credit impaired – Unsecured Loans to employees 207 208
Other loans Total current loans 207 208
Loans to employees – – Total loans 233 242
(1) Includes dues from subsidiaries 10 –
246 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
2.7 Other financial assets
Particulars As at March 31,
(In ₹ crore)
2025 2024
Particulars As at March 31, (4) Includes dues from subsidiaries 2,863 2,052
2025 2024 (5) Includes dues from subsidiaries 165 153
Non-current
* Restricted deposits represent deposit with financial institutions to settle
Security deposits(1) 205 205
employee related obligations as and when they arise during the normal
Unbilled revenues(1)(5)# 1,904 1,366 course of business.
Net investment in lease(1) (Refer to 241 185 # Classified as financial asset as right to consideration is unconditional and is
Note 2.3) due only after a passage of time.
Total non-current other financial 2,350 1,756 2.8 Trade receivables
assets
(In ₹ crore)
Current
Particulars As at March 31,
Security deposits(1) 21 25
2025 2024
Restricted deposits(1)* 2,716 2,282
Current
Unbilled revenues(1)(5)# 5,681 4,993
Trade receivable considered good
Interest accrued but not due(1) 739 476
– Unsecured(1) 26,807 25,575
Foreign currency forward and 171 81
Less: Allowance for expected credit
options contracts(2)(3)
loss 394 423
Net investment in lease(1) (Refer to 228 134
Trade Receivable considered good
Note 2.3)
– Unsecured 26,413 25,152
Others(1)(4) 3,013 2,138
Trade Receivable-credit impaired
Total current other financial assets 12,569 10,129 – Unsecured 169 157
Total other financial assets 14,919 11,885 Less: Allowance for credit
(1) Financial assets carried at amortized 14,748 11,804 impairment 169 157
cost Trade Receivable-credit impaired
(2) Financial assets carried at fair value 28 23 – Unsecured – –
through other comprehensive income Total trade receivables(2) 26,413 25,152
(3) Financial assets carried at fair value 143 58
(1) Includes dues from subsidiaries 250 259
through Profit or Loss
(2) Includes dues from companies where
directors are interested – –
The trade receivables ageing schedule for the year ended as on March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Not due Outstanding for following periods from due date of Total
payment
Less than 6 months 1-2 years 2-3 years More than
6 months to 1 year 3 years
Undisputed trade receivables – considered good 20,082 6,458 80 150 31 6 26,807
18,724 6,175 219 394 62 1 25,575
Undisputed trade receivables – credit impaired – 5 4 2 5 87 103
3 12 7 5 3 81 111
Disputed trade receivables – considered good – – – – – – –
– – – – – – –
Disputed trade receivables – credit impaired – – – 42 23 1 66
– 1 21 22 1 1 46
20,082 6,463 84 194 59 94 26,976
18,727 6,188 247 421 66 83 25,732
Less: Allowance for credit loss 563
Total trade receivables 26,413
25,152
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 247
2.9 Cash and cash equivalents
Particulars As at March 31,
(In ₹ crore)
2025 2024
Particulars As at March 31, Other receivables(1) 9 15
2025 2024 Total current other assets 9,618 9,636
Balances with banks
Total other assets 11,841 11,305
In current and deposit accounts 14,265 8,191
(1) Includes dues from subsidiaries 151 155
Cash on hand – –
(2) Classified as non-financial asset as the contractual right to
Total cash and cash equivalents 14,265 8,191 consideration is dependent on completion of contractual milestones.
(3) Withholding taxes and others primarily consist of input tax credits and
Balances with banks in unpaid 45 37
VAT recoverable from tax authorities.
dividend accounts
Deposit with more than 12 months – –
maturity
2.11 Financial instruments
Accounting policy
Cash and cash equivalents as at March 31, 2025 and March 31,
2024 include restricted cash and bank balances of ₹45 crore and 2.11.1 Initial recognition
₹44 crore, respectively. The Company recognizes financial assets and financial liabilities
when it becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the
The deposits maintained by the Company with banks comprise
instrument. All financial assets and liabilities are recognized
of time deposits, which can be withdrawn by the Company at any
at fair value on initial recognition, except for trade receivables
point without prior notice or penalty on the principal.
which are initially measured at transaction price. Transaction
costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue
2.10 Other assets
of financial assets and financial liabilities, which are not at fair
(In ₹ crore)
value through profit or loss, are added to the fair value on initial
Particulars As at March 31, recognition. Regular way purchase and sale of financial assets are
2025 2024 accounted for at trade date.
Non-current
2.11.2 Subsequent measurement
Capital advances 206 151
a. Non-derivative financial instruments
Advances other than capital advances
(i) Financial assets carried at amortized cost
Others
A financial asset is subsequently measured at amortized cost
Prepaid expenses 154 68
if it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold
Defined benefit plan assets (Refer the asset in order to collect contractual cash flows and the
to Note 2.21) 257 9 contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified
dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
Deferred contract cost
interest on the principal amount outstanding.
Cost of obtaining a contract 299 88
(ii) Financial assets carried at fair value through other
Cost of fulfillment 676 640
comprehensive income (FVOCI)
Unbilled revenues(2) 119 58
A financial asset is subsequently measured at fair value through
Withholding taxes and others(3) 512 655
other comprehensive income if it is held within a business model
Total non-current other assets 2,223 1,669 whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash
Current flows and selling financial assets and the contractual terms of the
financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are
Advances other than capital advances
solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount
Payment to vendors for supply of outstanding. The Company has made an irrevocable election
goods 373 325 for its investments which are classified as equity instruments
Others to present the subsequent changes in fair value in other
comprehensive income based on its business model.
Prepaid expenses(1) 2,003 1,886
(iii) Financial assets carried at fair value through
Unbilled revenues(2) 4,284 4,397
profit or loss (FVTPL)
Deferred contract cost
A financial asset which is not classified in any of the above
Cost of obtaining a contract 212 154
categories are subsequently fair valued through profit or loss.
Cost of fulfillment 428 266
(iv) Financial liabilities
Withholding taxes and others(3) 2,309 2,593
Financial liabilities are subsequently carried at amortized cost
using the effective interest method, except for contingent
248 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
consideration recognized in a business combination which is transferred to the net profit in the Statement of Profit and Loss
subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss. upon the occurrence of the related forecasted transaction. If the
forecasted transaction is no longer expected to occur, then the
(v) Investment in subsidiaries
amount accumulated in cash flow hedging reserve is reclassified
Investment in subsidiaries is carried at cost in the separate to net profit in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
financial statements.
2.11.3 Derecognition of financial instruments
b. Derivative financial instruments The Company derecognizes a financial asset when the
The Company holds derivative financial instruments such as contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire
foreign exchange forward and option contracts to mitigate the or it transfers the financial asset and the transfer qualifies for
risk of changes in exchange rates on foreign currency exposures. derecognition under Ind AS 109. A financial liability (or a part of
The counterparty for such contracts is generally a bank. a financial liability) is derecognized from the Company's Balance
Sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged
(i) Financial assets or financial liabilities, carried at fair value
or cancelled or expires.
through profit or loss.
This category includes derivative financial assets or liabilities 2.11.4 Fair value of financial instruments
which are not designated as hedges. In determining the fair value of its financial instruments, the
Although the Company believes that these derivatives Company uses a variety of methods and assumptions that are
constitute hedges from an economic perspective, they may based on market conditions and risks existing at each reporting
not qualify for hedge accounting under Ind AS 109, Financial date. The methods used to determine fair value include
Instruments. Any derivative that is either not designated as discounted cash flow analysis, option pricing model, market
hedge, or is so designated but is ineffective as per Ind AS 109, is multiples, available quoted market prices and dealer quotes. All
categorized as a financial asset or financial liability, at fair value methods of assessing fair value result in general approximation of
through profit or loss. value, and such value may never actually be realized.
Derivatives not designated as hedges are recognized initially Refer to table 'Financial instruments by category' below for the
at fair value and attributable transaction costs are recognized disclosure on carrying value and fair value of financial assets and
in net profit in the Statement of Profit and Loss when incurred. liabilities. For financial assets and liabilities maturing within one
Subsequent to initial recognition, these derivatives are measured year from the Balance Sheet date and which are not carried at fair
at fair value through profit or loss and the resulting exchange value, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the
gains or losses are included in other income. Assets / liabilities in short maturity of these instruments.
this category are presented as current assets / current liabilities
if they are either held for trading or are expected to be realized 2.11.5 Impairment
within 12 months after the Balance Sheet date. The Company recognizes loss allowances using the expected
credit loss (ECL) model for the financial assets and unbilled
(ii) Cash flow hedge
revenues which are not fair valued through profit or loss.
The Company designates certain foreign exchange forward Loss allowance for trade receivables and unbilled revenues
and options contracts as cash flow hedges to mitigate with no significant financing component is measured at an
the risk of foreign exchange exposure on highly probable amount equal to lifetime ECL. For all other financial assets,
forecast cash transactions. expected credit losses are measured at an amount equal to
the 12-month ECL, unless there has been a significant increase
When a derivative is designated as a cash flow hedging
in credit risk from initial recognition in which case those are
instrument, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of
measured at lifetime ECL.
the derivative is recognized in other comprehensive income and
accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve. Any ineffective The Company determines the allowance for credit losses
portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative is recognized based on historical loss experience adjusted to reflect current
immediately in the net profit in the Statement of Profit and Loss. and estimated future economic conditions. The Company
If the hedging instrument no longer meets the criteria for hedge considers current and anticipated future economic conditions
accounting, then hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively. relating to industries the Company deals with and the
If the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or countries where it operates.
exercised, the cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument
The amount of ECLs (or reversal) that is required to adjust the loss
recognized in cash flow hedging reserve till the period the
allowance at the reporting date to the amount that is required
hedge was effective remains in cash flow hedging reserve
to be recorded is recognized as an impairment loss or gain in
until the forecasted transaction occurs. The cumulative gain or
Statement of Profit and Loss.
loss previously recognized in the cash flow hedging reserve is
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 249
Financial instruments by category
The carrying value and fair value of financial instruments by categories as at March 31, 2025 are as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Amortized Financial assets / Financial assets / Total Total fair
cost liabilities at fair value liabilities at fair value carrying value
through profit or loss through OCI value
Designated Mandatory Equity Mandatory
upon initial instruments
recognition designated
upon initial
recognition
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents (Refer to Note 2.9) 14,265 – – – – 14,265 14,265
Investments (Refer to Note 2.5)
Preference securities, Equity securities
and others – 25 61 226 – 312 312
Tax-free bonds and government bonds 1,633 – – – – 1,633 1,796(1)
Liquid mutual fund units – – 1,185 – – 1,185 1,185
Target maturity fund units – – 465 – – 465 465
Commercial papers – – – – 3,442 3,442 3,442
Certificates of deposit – – – – 3,257 3,257 3,257
Non-convertible debentures – – – – 4,869 4,869 4,869
Government securities – – – – 6,800 6,800 6,800
Trade receivables (Refer to Note 2.8) 26,413 – – – – 26,413 26,413
Loans (Refer to Note 2.6) 233 – – – – 233 233
Other financial assets (Refer to Note 2.7)(3) 14,748 – 143 – 28 14,919 14,839(2)
Total 57,292 25 1,854 226 18,396 77,793 77,876
Liabilities:
Trade payables (Refer to Note 2.14) 2,728 – – – – 2,728 2,728
Lease liabilities (Refer to Note 2.3) 3,459 – – – – 3,459 3,459
Other financial liabilities (Refer to Note 2.13) 13,593 – 54 – 33 13,680 13,680
Total 19,780 – 54 – 33 19,867 19,867
(1) On account of fair value changes including interest accrued
(2) Excludes interest accrued on tax-free bonds and government bonds carried at amortized cost of ₹80 crore
(3) Excludes unbilled revenue on contracts where the right to consideration is dependent on completion of contractual milestones
250 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
The carrying value and fair value of financial instruments by categories as at March 31, 2024 were as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Amortized Financial assets / liabilities Financial assets / Total Total fair
cost at fair value through liabilities at fair value carrying value
profit or loss through OCI value
Designated Mandatory Equity Mandatory
upon initial instruments
recognition designated
upon initial
recognition
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents (Refer to Note 2.9) 8,191 – – – – 8,191 8,191
Investments (Refer to Note 2.5)
Preference securities, Equity securities
and others – – 84 206 – 290 290
Tax-free bonds and government bonds 1,745 – – – – 1,745 1,959(1)
Target maturity fund units – – 431 – – 431 431
Liquid mutual fund units – – 1,913 – – 1,913 1,913
Commercial papers – – – – 4,507 4,507 4,507
Certificates of deposit – – – – 2,945 2,945 2,945
Non-convertible debentures – – – – 3,954 3,954 3,954
Government securities – – – – 6,893 6,893 6,893
Trade receivables (Refer to Note 2.8) 25,152 – – – – 25,152 25,152
Loans (Refer to Note 2.6) 242 – – – – 242 242
Other financial assets (Refer to Note 2.7)(3) 11,804 – 58 – 23 11,885 11,801(2)
Total 47,134 – 2,486 206 18,322 68,148 68,278
Liabilities:
Trade payables (Refer to Note 2.14) 2,493 – – – – 2,493 2,493
Lease Liabilities (Refer to Note 2.3) 3,766 – – – – 3,766 3,766
Other financial liabilities (Refer to Note 2.13) 11,569 – 20 – 1 11,590 11,590
Total 17,828 – 20 – 1 17,849 17,849
(1) On account of fair value changes including interest accrued
(2) Excludes interest accrued on tax-free bonds and government bonds carried at amortized cost of ₹84 crore
(3) Excludes unbilled revenue on contracts where the right to consideration is dependent on completion of contractual milestones
For trade receivables, trade payables, other assets and payables maturing within one year from the Balance Sheet date, the carrying
amounts approximate the fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments.
Fair value hierarchy
Level 1 – Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2 – Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices)
or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
Level 3 – Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 251
The fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as at March 31, 2025 is as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars As at Fair value measurement at end of the
March 31, reporting period using
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Assets
Investments (Refer to Note 2.5)
Investments in tax-free bonds 1,781 1,227 554 –
Investments in government bonds 15 15 – –
Investments in liquid mutual fund units 1,185 1,185 – –
Investments in target maturity fund units 465 465 – –
Investments in certificates of deposit 3,257 – 3,257 –
Investments in commercial papers 3,442 – 3,442 –
Investments in non-convertible debentures 4,869 4,869 – –
Investments in government securities 6,800 6,763 37 –
Investments in equity securities 59 57 – 2
Investments in preference securities 192 – – 192
Other investments 61 – – 61
Others
Derivative financial instruments – gain (Refer to Note 2.7) 171 – 171 –
Liabilities
Derivative financial instruments – loss (Refer to Note 2.13) 56 – 56 –
Liability towards contingent consideration (Refer to Note 2.12)(1) 31 – – 31
(1) Discount rate-6%
During the year ended March 31, 2025, State government securities and non-convertible debentures of ₹36 crore and ₹261 crore were
transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 of fair value hierarchy since these were valued based on quoted price. Further Tax-free bond of ₹554
crore were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 of fair value hierarchy, since these were valued based on market observable inputs.
The fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as at March 31, 2024 was as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars As at March Fair value measurement at end of the
31, 2024 reporting period using
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Assets
Investments (Refer to Note 2.5)
Investments in tax-free bonds 1,944 1,944 – –
Investments in government bonds 15 15 – –
Investments in liquid mutual fund units 1,913 1,913 – –
Investments in target maturity fund units 431 431 – –
Investments in certificates of deposit 2,945 – 2,945 –
Investments in commercial papers 4,507 – 4,507 –
Investments in non-convertible debentures 3,954 3,697 257 –
Investments in government securities 6,893 6,820 73 –
Investments in equity securities 115 113 – 2
Investments in preference securities 91 – – 91
Other investments 84 – – 84
Others
252 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Particulars As at March Fair value measurement at end of the
31, 2024 reporting period using
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Derivative financial instruments – gain (Refer to Note 2.7) 81 – 81 –
Liabilities
Derivative financial instruments – loss (Refer to Note 2.13) 21 – 21 –
During the year ended March 31, 2024, tax-free bonds and non-convertible debentures of ₹1,986 crore were transferred from Level 2
to Level 1 of fair value hierarchy since these were valued based on quoted price. Further, State government securities of ₹73 crore were
transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 of fair value hierarchy, since these were valued based on market observable inputs
A one percentage point change in the unobservable inputs used in fair valuation of Level 3 assets and liabilities does not have a
significant impact in its value.
Majority of investments of the Company are fair valued based is foreign exchange risk. The Company uses derivative financial
on Level 1 or Level 2 inputs. These investments primarily instruments to mitigate foreign exchange related risk exposures.
include investment in liquid mutual fund units, target maturity The Company's exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the
fund units, tax-free bonds, certificates of deposit, commercial individual characteristic of each customer and the concentration
papers, treasury bills, government securities, non-convertible of risk from the top few customers.
debentures, quoted bonds issued by government and quasi-
government organizations. The Company invests after Market risk
considering counterparty risks based on multiple criteria The Company operates internationally and a major portion of
including Tier I capital, Capital Adequacy Ratio, Credit Rating, the business is transacted in several currencies and consequently
Profitability, NPA levels and Deposit base of banks and financial the Company is exposed to foreign exchange risk through
institutions. These risks are monitored regularly as per Group's its sales and services in the United States and elsewhere, and
risk management program. purchases from overseas suppliers in various foreign currencies.
The Company holds derivative financial instruments such as
Financial risk management foreign exchange forward and option contracts to mitigate the
Financial risk factors risk of changes in exchange rates on foreign currency exposures.
The exchange rate between the Indian rupee and foreign
The Company's activities expose it to a variety of financial
currencies has changed substantially in recent years and may
risks: market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company's
fluctuate substantially in the future. Consequently, the results of
primary focus is to foresee the unpredictability of financial
the Company’s operations are adversely affected as the rupee
markets and seek to minimize potential adverse effects on its
appreciates / depreciates against these currencies.
financial performance. The primary market risk to the Company
The analysis of foreign currency risk from financial assets and liabilities as at March 31, 2025 is as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars US Dollar Euro United Australian Other Total
Kingdom Dollar currencies
Pound
Sterling
Net financial assets 24,242 9,143 1,943 1,322 2,842 39,492
Net financial liabilities (11,234) (2,132) (977) (690) (997) (16,030)
Total 13,008 7,011 966 632 1,845 23,462
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 253
The analysis of foreign currency risk from financial assets and liabilities as at March 31, 2024 was as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars US Dollar Euro United Australian Other Total
Kingdom Dollar currencies
Pound
Sterling
Net financial assets 23,447 6,929 1,940 1,463 2,575 36,354
Net financial liabilities (9,918) (1,911) (663) (798) (1,112) (14,402)
Total 13,529 5,018 1,277 665 1,463 21,952
Sensitivity analysis between Indian Rupee and US Dollar
Year ended March 31,
Particulars
2025 2024
Impact on the Company's incremental operating margins 0.46% 0.46%
Sensitivity analysis is computed based on the changes in the income and expenses in foreign currency upon conversion into functional
currency, due to exchange rate fluctuations between the previous reporting period and the current reporting period.
Derivative financial instruments
The Company primarily holds derivative financial instruments such as foreign currency forward and option contracts to mitigate the risk
of changes in exchange rates on foreign currency exposures. The counterparty for these contracts is generally a bank. These derivative
financial instruments are valued based on quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are directly or
indirectly observable in the marketplace.
The details in respect of outstanding foreign currency forward and option contracts are as follows:
Particulars As at March 31,
2025 2024
In million In ₹ crore In million In ₹ crore
Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges
Forward contracts
In Swiss Franc 53 513 – –
In Euro – – 30 270
Option Contracts
In Euro 341 3,140 236 2,121
In Australian Dollar 93 500 106 573
In United Kingdom Pound Sterling 17 188 35 368
Other derivatives
Forward contracts
In US Dollar 1,098 9,386 1,223 10,203
In Euro 652 6,009 554 4,975
In Singapore Dollar 133 849 171 1,046
In United Kingdom Pound Sterling 26 284 78 818
In Swiss Franc 51 495 16 150
In Danish Krone 152 188 100 121
In New Zealand Dollar 37 181 30 149
In Canadian Dollar – – 15 92
In Australian Dollar 24 126 14 75
In Norwegian Krone 167 136 130 100
254 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Particulars As at March 31,
2025 2024
In million In ₹ crore In million In ₹ crore
In Philippine Peso – – 43 49
In Hongkong dollar 40 44 – –
In Hungarian Forint 2,000 44 2,500 57
In South African rand – – 85 37
Option contracts
In US Dollar 796 6,800 543 4,527
In Euro 179 1,648 100 897
In Australian Dollar 11 57 20 111
Total forwards and option contracts 30,588 26,739
The foreign exchange forward and option contracts mature instrument, including whether the hedging instrument is
within 12 months. The table below analyses the derivative expected to offset changes in cash flows of hedged items.
financial instruments into relevant maturity groupings based on
If the hedge ratio for risk management purposes is no longer
the remaining period as at the Balance Sheet date:
optimal but the risk management objective remains unchanged
and the hedge continues to qualify for hedge accounting, the
(In ₹ crore)
hedge relationship will be rebalanced by adjusting either the
Particulars As at March 31, volume of the hedging instrument or the volume of the hedged
2025 2024 item so that the hedge ratio aligns with the ratio used for risk
management purposes. Any hedge ineffectiveness is calculated
Not later than one month 14,515 9,581
and accounted for in the Statement of Profit or Loss at the time of
Later than one month and not the hedge relationship rebalancing.
later than three months 15,175 15,181
The reconciliation of cash flow hedge reserve for the year ended
Later than three months and not
March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
later than one year 898 1,977
Total 30,588 26,739 (In ₹ crore)
Particulars Year ended March 31,
During the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 the
Company has designated certain foreign exchange forward 2025 2024
and option contracts as cash flow hedges to mitigate the risk Gain / (Loss)
of foreign exchange exposure on highly probable forecast
Balance at the beginning of the 6 (5)
cash transactions. The related hedge transactions for balance
year
in cash flow hedge reserve as at March 31, 2025 are expected
to occur and reclassified to Statement of Profit and Loss Gain / (Loss) recognized in other (5) 8
comprehensive income during the
within three months.
year
The Company determines the existence of an economic
Amount reclassified to profit and (27) 7
relationship between the hedging instrument and hedged item
loss during the year
based on the currency, amount and timing of its forecasted
cash flows. Hedge effectiveness is determined at the inception Tax impact on above 8 (4)
of the hedge relationship, and through periodic prospective Balance at the end of the year (18) 6
effectiveness assessments to ensure that an economic
relationship exists between the hedged item and hedging The Company offsets a financial asset and a financial liability
when it currently has a legally enforceable right to set off
the recognized amounts and the Company intends either
to settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the
liability simultaneously.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 255
The quantitative information about offsetting of derivative financial assets and derivative financial liabilities is as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Derivative Derivative Derivative Derivative
financial financial financial financial
asset liability asset liability
Gross amount of recognized financial asset / liability 226 (111) 93 (33)
Amount set off (55) 55 (12) 12
Net amount presented in Balance Sheet 171 (56) 81 (21)
Credit risk The movement in credit loss allowance on customer
Credit risk refers to the risk of default on its obligation by balance is as follows:
the counterparty resulting in a financial loss. The maximum
(In ₹ crore)
exposure to the credit risk at the reporting date is primarily
from trade receivables amounting to ₹26,437 crore and ₹25,152 Particulars Year ended March 31,
crore as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively and
2025 2024
unbilled revenue amounting to ₹11,988 crore and ₹10,814 crore
as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively. Trade Balance at the beginning 721 699
receivables and unbilled revenue are typically unsecured and Impairment loss recognized /
are derived from revenue from customers majorly located in the (reversed), net 63 108
United States of America and Europe. Credit risk has always been
Amounts written off (69) (93)
managed by the Company through credit approvals, establishing
credit limits and continuously monitoring the creditworthiness Translation differences (13) 7
of the customers to which the Company grants credit terms in Balance at the end 702 721
the normal course of business. The Company uses the expected
credit loss model to assess any required allowances; and uses a The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either
provision matrix to compute the expected credit loss allowance partially or in full) when there is no realistic prospect of recovery.
for trade receivables and unbilled revenues. This matrix takes into
Credit risk on cash and cash equivalents is limited as the
account credit reports and other related credit information to
Company generally invest in deposits with banks with high
the extent available.
ratings assigned by international and domestic credit rating
The Company's exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the agencies. Ratings are monitored periodically and the Company
individual characteristic of each customer and the concentration has considered the latest available credit ratings as at the date of
of risk from the top few customers. Exposure to customers is approval of these financial statements.
diversified and there is no single customer contributing more
The investments of the Company primarily include investment
than 10% of outstanding trade receivables and unbilled revenues.
in liquid mutual fund units, target maturity fund units,
The following table gives details in respect of percentage tax-free bonds, certificates of deposit, commercial paper,
of revenues generated from top five customers treasury bills, government securities, non-convertible
and top ten customers: debentures, quoted bonds issued by government and quasi
government organizations. The Company invests after
(In %) considering counterparty risks based on multiple criteria
including Tier I Capital, Capital Adequacy Ratio, credit rating,
Particulars Year ended March 31,
profitability, NPA levels and deposit base of banks and financial
2025 2024
institutions. These risks are monitored regularly as per Group’s
Revenue from top five customers 12.0 11.6 risk management program.
Revenue from top ten customers 19.9 18.9
Liquidity risk
Credit risk exposure Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that the Company will not be
able to settle or meet its obligations on time.
The Company's credit period generally ranges from 30-75 days.
The Company's principal sources of liquidity are cash and cash
The allowance for lifetime expected credit loss on customer
equivalents and the cash flow that is generated from operations.
balances recognized for the year ended March 31, 2025 and
The Company has no outstanding borrowings. The Company
March 31, 2024 is ₹63 crore and ₹108 crore, respectively.
believes that the working capital is sufficient to meet its
current requirements.
As at March 31, 2025, the Company had a working capital of
₹45,406 crore including cash and cash equivalents of
256 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
₹14,265 crore and current investments of ₹11,147 crore. As at respectively, which have been substantially funded. Accordingly,
March 31,2024, the Company had a working capital of no liquidity risk is perceived.
₹43,866 crore including cash and cash equivalents of
Refer to Note 2.3 for remaining contractual maturities
₹8,191 crore and current investments of ₹11,306 crore.
of lease liabilities.
As at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, the outstanding
compensated absences were ₹2,412 crore and ₹2,159 crore,
The details regarding the contractual maturities of significant financial liabilities as at March 31, 2025 are as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Less than 1 1-2 years 2-4 years 4-7 years Total
year
Trade payables 2,728 – – – 2,728
Other financial liabilities on an undiscounted basis (Refer to
Note 2.13) 11,712 1,732 138 11 13,593
Liability towards contingent consideration on an undiscounted
basis (Refer to Note 2.13) 11 20 – – 31
The details regarding the contractual maturities of significant financial liabilities as at March 31, 2024 were as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Less than 1 1-2 years 2-4 years 4-7 years Total
year
Trade payables 2,493 – – – 2,493
Other financial liabilities on an undiscounted basis (Refer to
Note 2.13) 9,697 1,240 567 67 11,571
2.12 Equity Share options outstanding account
Accounting policy The Share options outstanding account is used to record the fair
Ordinary shares value of equity-settled share-based payment transactions with
employees. The amounts recorded in share options outstanding
Ordinary shares are classified as equity share capital. Incremental
account are transferred to securities premium upon exercise of
costs directly attributable to the issuance of new ordinary shares,
stock options and transferred to general reserve on account of
share options and buyback are recognized as a deduction from
stock options not exercised by employees.
equity, net of any tax effects.
Special Economic Zone Re-investment reserve
Description of reserves
The Special Economic Zone Re-investment reserve has been
Capital redemption reserve created out of the profit of the eligible SEZ unit in terms of the
provisions of Section 10AA (1)(ii) of Income Tax Act, 1961. The
In accordance with Section 69 of the Indian Companies Act, 2013,
reserve should be utilized by the Company for acquiring new
the Company creates capital redemption reserve equal to the
plant and machinery for the purpose of its business in terms of
nominal value of the shares bought back as an appropriation
the provisions of the Section 10AA (2) of the Income Tax Act, 1961.
from general reserve / retained earnings.
Other components of equity
Retained earnings
Other components of equity include remeasurement of net
Retained earnings represent the amount of accumulated
defined benefit liability / asset, equity instruments fair valued
earnings of the Company.
through other comprehensive income, changes on fair valuation
Securities premium of investments and changes in fair value of derivatives designated
as cash flow hedges, net of taxes.
The amount received in excess of the par value of equity
shares has been classified as securities premium. Amounts
have been utilized for bonus issue and share buyback from
share premium account.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 257
Cash flow hedge reserve cumulatively over a 5-year period through a combination of
semi-annual dividends and / or share buyback / special dividends
When a derivative is designated as a cash flow hedging
subject to applicable laws and requisite approvals, if any. Under
instrument, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of
this policy, the Company expects to progressively increase its
the derivative is recognized in other comprehensive income and
annual dividend per share (excluding special dividend if any).
accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve. The cumulative
gain or loss previously recognized in the cash flow hedging Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating
reserve is transferred to the Statement of Profit and Loss upon the activities less capital expenditure as per the consolidated
occurrence of the related forecasted transaction. Statement of Cash Flows prepared under IFRS. Dividend and
buyback include applicable taxes
2.12.1 Equity share capital
The Company’s objective when managing capital is to safeguard
(In ₹ crore, except as otherwise stated) its ability to continue as a going concern and to maintain an
Particulars Year ended March 31, optimal capital structure so as to maximize shareholder value.
In order to maintain or achieve an optimal capital structure, the
2025 2024
Company may adjust the amount of dividend payment, return
Authorized capital to shareholders, issue new shares or buy back issued
Equity shares, ₹5/- par value shares. As of March 31, 2025, the Company has only one class of
equity shares and has no debt. Consequent to the above capital
480,00,00,000 (480,00,00,000)
equity shares 2,400 2,400 structure there are no externally imposed capital requirements.
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-Up
2.12.2 Shareholding of promoter
Equity shares, ₹5/- par value(1) 2,076 2,075
The details of the shares held by promoters as at March 31,
415,32,63,455 (415,08,67,464) equity 2025 are as follows:
shares fully paid-up
2,076 2,075 Promoter name No. of shares % of % change
total during the
(1) Refer to Note 2.22 for details of basic and diluted shares shares year
Sudha Gopalakrishnan 9,53,57,000 2.30 –
Forfeited shares amounted to ₹1500/- (₹1,500/-)
Rohan Murty 6,08,12,892 1.46 –
The Company has only one class of shares referred to as equity
shares having a par value of ₹5/-. Each holder of equity shares is S. Gopalakrishnan 3,18,53,808 0.77 –
entitled to one vote per share. The equity shares represented by Nandan M. Nilekani 4,07,83,162 0.98 –
American Depository Shares (ADS) carry similar rights to voting
Akshata Murty 3,89,57,096 0.94 –
and dividends as the other equity shares. Each ADS represents
Asha Dinesh 3,85,79,304 0.93 –
one underlying equity share.
Sudha N. Murty 3,45,50,626 0.83 –
In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity
Rohini Nilekani 3,43,35,092 0.83 –
shares will be entitled to receive any of the remaining assets of
the Company in proportion to the number of equity shares held Dinesh Krishnaswamy 3,24,79,590 0.78 –
by the shareholders, after distribution of all preferential amounts. Shreyas Shibulal 1,99,29,860 0.48 (6.54)
However, no such preferential amounts exist currently.
N. R. Narayana Murthy 1,51,45,638 0.36 –
There are no voting, dividend or liquidation rights to the holders
Nihar Nilekani 1,26,77,752 0.31 –
of options issued under the Company's share option plans.
Janhavi Nilekani 85,89,721 0.21 –
For details of shares reserved for issue under the employee stock
Kumari Shibulal 49,45,935 0.12 –
option plan of the Company, refer to the note below.
Deeksha Dinesh 76,46,684 0.18 –
In the period of five years immediately preceding Divya Dinesh 76,46,684 0.18 –
March 31, 2025: Meghana Gopalakrishnan 1,48,34,928 0.36 –
Buyback Shruti Shibulal 87,05,651 0.21 218.01
In the period of five years immediately preceding March 31, S. D. Shibulal 52,08,673 0.13 –
2025, the Company had purchased and extinguished a total
Promoters Group
of 11,62,33,685 fully paid-up equity shares of face value ₹5/-
Ekagrah Rohan Murty 15,00,000 0.04 –
each from the stock exchange. The Company has only one
class of equity shares. Gaurav Manchanda 57,73,233 0.14 (53.90)
Milan Shibulal Manchanda 61,06,302 0.15 (6.25)
Capital allocation policy
Nikita Shibulal Manchanda 61,06,302 0.15 (6.25)
Effective from fiscal 2025, the Company expects to continue
the policy of returning approximately 85% of the free cash flow
258 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
The amount of per share dividend recognized as distribution
Promoter name No. of shares % of % change
to equity shareholders in accordance with Companies
total during the
act 2013 is as follows:
shares year
Bhairavi Madhusudhan
(In ₹)
Shibulal 54,27,875 0.13 (9.86)
Particulars Year ended March 31,
Shray Chandra 7,19,424 0.02 –
2025 2024
Tanush Nilekani Chandra 33,56,017 0.08 –
Final dividend for fiscal 2023 – 17.50
Interim dividend for fiscal 2024 – 18.00
2.12.3 Dividend
The final dividend on shares is recorded as a liability on the Final dividend for fiscal 2024 20.00 –
date of approval by the shareholders and interim dividends Special dividend for fiscal 2024 8.00 –
are recorded as a liability on the date of declaration by the
Interim dividend for fiscal 2025 21.00 –
Company's Board of Directors. Income tax consequences
of dividends on financial instruments classified as equity
During the year ended March 31, 2025, on account of
will be recognized according to where the entity originally
the final and special dividend for fiscal 2024 and interim
recognized those past transactions or events that generated
dividend for fiscal 2025, the Company has incurred a net cash
distributable profits.
outflow of ₹20,345 crore.
The Company declares and pays dividends in Indian rupees.
The Board of Directors in their meeting held on April 17, 2025
Companies are required to pay / distribute dividend after
recommended a final dividend of ₹22/- per equity share for the
deducting applicable taxes. The remittance of dividends outside
financial year ended March 31, 2025. The payment is subject to
India is governed by Indian law on foreign exchange and is also
approval of shareholders in the AGM of the Company to be held
subject to withholding tax at applicable rates.
on June 25, 2025 and if approved, would result in a net cash
outflow of approximately ₹9,137 crore (excluding dividend paid
on treasury shares).
The details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 are as follows:
Name of the shareholder As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Number of shares % held Number of shares % held
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (Depository of
ADR's – legal ownership) 43,98,60,715 10.59 44,24,17,564 10.66
Life Insurance Corporation of India 38,81,12,531 9.34 38,59,52,941 9.30
The reconciliation of the number of shares outstanding and the amount of share capital as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
(In ₹ crore, except as stated otherwise)
Name of the shareholder As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Number of shares Amount Number of shares Amount
As at the beginning of the period 415,08,67,464 2,075 414,85,60,044 2,074
Add: Shares issued on exercise of employee stock options 2,395,991 1 23,07,420 1
As at the end of the period 415,32,63,455 2,076 415,08,67,464 2,075
2.12.4 Employee Stock Option Plan (ESOP) Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Program 2019 (the 2019 Plan):
Accounting policy On June 22, 2019, pursuant to approval by the shareholders in
The Company recognizes compensation expense relating to the Annual General Meeting, the Board has been authorized to
share-based payments in net profit based on estimated fair- introduce, offer, issue and provide share-based incentives to
values of the awards on the grant date. The estimated fair value of eligible employees of the Company and its subsidiaries under
awards is recognized as an expense in the Statement of Profit and the 2019 Plan. The maximum number of shares under the 2019
Loss on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for Plan shall not exceed 5,00,00,000 equity shares. To implement
each separately vesting portion of the award as if the award was the 2019 Plan, up to 4,50,00,000 equity shares may be issued
in-substance, multiple awards with a corresponding increase to by way of secondary acquisition of shares by Infosys Expanded
share options outstanding account. Stock Ownership Trust. The Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) granted
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 259
under the 2019 Plan shall vest based on the achievement of 2,40,38,883 equity shares (this includes 1,12,23,576 equity shares
defined annual performance parameters as determined by the which are held by the trust towards the 2011 Plan as at March 31,
administrator (Nomination and Remuneration Committee). The 2016). These instruments will generally vest over a period of 4
performance parameters will be based on a combination of years. The plan numbers mentioned above are further adjusted
relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR) against selected industry with the September 2018 bonus issue.
peers and certain broader market domestic and global indices
The equity-settled and cash-settled RSUs and stock options
and operating performance metrics of the Company as decided
would vest generally over a period of 4 years and shall be
by administrator. Each of the above performance parameters will
exercisable within the period as approved by the Nomination
be distinct for the purposes of calculation of quantity of shares
and Remuneration Committee (NARC). The exercise price of
to vest based on performance. These instruments will generally
the RSUs will be equal to the par value of the shares and the
vest between a minimum of one to maximum of three years
exercise price of the stock options would be the market price as
from the grant date.
on the date of grant.
2015 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2015 Plan):
The controlled trust holds 96,55,927 shares and 1,09,16,829 shares
On March 31, 2016, pursuant to the approval by the shareholders as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively under the
through postal ballot, the Board was authorized to introduce, 2015 Plan. Out of these shares, 2,00,000 equity shares each have
offer, issue and allot share-based incentives to eligible employees been earmarked for welfare activities of the employees as at
of the Company and its subsidiaries under the 2015 Plan. The March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024.
maximum number of shares under the 2015 Plan shall not exceed
The summary of grants during the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
Particulars 2019 Plan 2015 Plan
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Equity-settled RSUs
Key Management Personnel (KMP) 119,699 141,171 380,842 498,730
Employees other than KMP 36,24,646 40,46,731 18,74,690 46,40,640
37,44,345 41,87,902 22,55,532 51,39,370
Cash-settled RSUs
Key Management Personnel (KMP) – – – –
Employees other than KMP – – 94,050 176,990
– – 94,050 176,990
Total grants 37,44,345 41,87,902 23,49,582 53,16,360
Notes on grants to KMP: • 35,349 performance-based grant of RSUs (Annual
performance Equity TSR grant) of fair value of ₹5 crore . These
CEO & MD
RSUs will vest in line with the employment agreement based
Under the 2015 Plan:
on Company’s performance on cumulative relative TSR over
The Board, on April 18, 2024, based on the recommendations of the years and as determined by the Board.
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, approved the
following grants for fiscal 2025. In accordance with such approval Further, in accordance with the employee agreement, which
the following grants were made effective May 2, 2024. has been approved by the shareholders, the CEO is eligible to
receive an annual grant of RSUs of fair value ₹3 crore which
• 2,45,679 performance-based RSUs (Annual performance will vest overtime in three equal annual installments upon the
equity grant) of fair value of ₹34.75 crore. These RSUs will completion of each year of service from the respective grant date.
vest in line with the employment agreement based on Accordingly, annual time-based grant of 16,204 RSUs was made
achievement of certain performance targets. effective February 1, 2025 for fiscal 2025.
• 14,140 performance-based grant of RSUs (Annual Though the annual time-based grants and annual performance
performance equity ESG grant) of fair value of ₹2 crore. equity TSR grant for the remaining employment term ending
These RSUs will vest in line with the employment agreement on March 31, 2027 have not been granted as of March 31, 2025,
based on achievement of certain environment, social and since the service commencement date precedes the grant date,
governance milestones as determined by the Board. the Company has recorded employment stock compensation
expense in accordance with Ind AS 102, Share-based payments.
260 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
The grant date for this purpose in accordance with Ind AS 102, Under the 2019 Plan:
Share-based payments is July 1, 2022.
During the year ended March 31, 2025, based on
Under the 2019 Plan: recommendations of Nomination and Remuneration Committee,
the Board approved performance-based grants of 49,000 RSUs to
The Board, on April 18, 2024, based on the recommendations
other KMPs under the 2019 Plan. These RSUs will vest over three
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, approved
years based on achievement of certain performance targets.
performance-based grant of RSUs amounting to ₹10 crore for
fiscal 2025 under the 2019 Plan. These RSUs will vest based on The break-up of employee stock compensation
achievement of certain performance targets. Accordingly, 70,699 expense is as follows:
performance-based RSU’s were granted effective May 2, 2024.
(In ₹ crore)
Other KMP
Year ended March 31,
Under the 2015 Plan: Particulars
2025 2024
During the year ended March 31, 2025, based on Granted to:
recommendations of Nomination and Remuneration Committee,
KMP 70 68
the Board approved 69,470 time-based RSUs to other KMP under
the 2015 Plan. Time-based RSUs will vest over four years. Employees other than KMP 642 507
Total(1) 712 575
(1) Cash-settled stock compensation
expense included in the above 8 5
The activity in the 2015 and 2019 Plan for equity-settled share-based payment transactions during the year ended March 31, 2025 and
March 31, 2024 is as follows:
Particulars Year ended March 31, 2025 Year ended March 31, 2024
Shares arising out Weighted average Shares arising out Weighted average
of options exercise price (₹) of options exercise price (₹)
2015 Plan: RSUs
Outstanding at the beginning 80,76,058 5.00 54,08,018 5.00
Granted 22,55,532 5.00 51,39,370 5.00
Exercised 20,80,865 5.00 18,15,025 5.00
Forfeited and expired 9,91,261 5.00 6,56,305 5.00
Outstanding at the end 72,59,464 5.00 80,76,058 5.00
Exercisable at the end 6,29,138 4.97 8,31,050 4.98
2015 Plan: Employee Stock Options (ESOPs)
Outstanding at the beginning 82,050 551 1,34,030 529
Granted – – – –
Exercised 61,672 573 51,980 499
Forfeited and expired 2,824 499 – –
Outstanding at the end 17,554 499 82,050 551
Exercisable at the end 17,554 499 82,050 551
2019 Plan: RSUs
Outstanding at the beginning 80,23,855 5.00 72,22,038 5.00
Granted 37,44,345 5.00 41,87,902 5.00
Exercised 15,14,356 5.00 16,95,705 5.00
Forfeited and expired 21,81,209 5.00 16,90,380 5.00
Outstanding at the end 80,72,635 5.00 80,23,855 5.00
Exercisable at the end 7,70,321 5.00 8,14,798 5.00
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 261
The weighted average share price of option exercised is as follows:
(In ₹)
2019 Plan 2015 Plan
Particulars Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Weighted average share price of options exercised 1,587 1,352 1,601 1,414
The summary of information about equity-settled RSUs and ESOPs outstanding as at March 31, 2025 is as follows:
Range of exercise prices 2019 Plan – Options outstanding 2015 Plan – Options outstanding
per share (₹)
No. of shares Weighted Weighted No. of shares Weighted Weighted
arising out of average average exercise arising out of average average exercise
options remaining price (₹) options remaining price (₹)
contractual life contractual life
0-5 (RSU) 8,072,635 1.23 5.00 7,259,464 1.51 5.00
450-640 (ESOP) – – – 17,554 0.58 499
The summary of information about equity-settled RSUs and ESOPs outstanding as at March 31, 2024 was as follows:
Range of exercise prices 2019 Plan – Options outstanding 2015 Plan – Options outstanding
per share (₹)
No. of shares Weighted Weighted No. of shares Weighted Weighted
arising out of average average exercise arising out of average average exercise
options remaining price (₹) options remaining price (₹)
contractual life contractual life
0-5 (RSU) 8,023,855 1.42 5.00 8,076,058 1.77 5.00
450-640 (ESOP) – – – 82,050 1.10 551
As at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, 2,88,384 and 2,91,795 cash-settled options were outstanding respectively. The carrying value of
liability towards cash-settled share-based payments was ₹8 crore and ₹13 crore as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 respectively.
The fair value of the awards are estimated using the Black-Scholes Model for time and non-market performance-based options and
Monte Carlo simulation model is used for TSR-based options.
The inputs to the model include the share price at date of grant, exercise price, expected volatility, expected dividends, expected
term and the risk free rate of interest. Expected volatility during the expected term of the options is based on historical volatility of
the observed market prices of the Company's publicly traded equity shares during a period equivalent to the expected term of the
options. Expected volatility of the comparative company have been modelled based on historical movements in the market prices of
their publicly traded equity shares during a period equivalent to the expected term of the options. Correlation coefficient is calculated
between each peer entity and the indices as a whole or between each entity in the peer group.
The fair value of each equity-settled award is estimated on the date of grant using the following assumptions:
Particulars For options granted in
Fiscal 2025 – Fiscal 2025 – ADS Fiscal 2024 – Fiscal 2024 – ADS
Equity shares – RSU Equity shares – RSU
– RSU – RSU
Weighted average share price (₹) / ($ ADS) 1,808 21.44 1,588 19.19
Exercise price (₹) / ($ ADS) 5.00 0.07 5.00 0.07
Expected volatility (%) 21-26 23-28 23-31 25-33
Expected life of the option (years) 1-4 1-4 1-4 1-4
Expected dividends (%) 2-3 2-3 2-3 2-3
Risk-free interest rate (%) 7 4-5 7 4-5
Weighted average fair value as on grant date (₹) / ($ ADS) 1,555 18.20 1,317 16.27
The expected life of the RSU / ESOP is estimated based on the vesting term and contractual term of the RSU / ESOP, as well as expected
exercise behavior of the employee who receives the RSU / ESOP.
262 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
2.13 Other financial liabilities
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars As at March 31,
2025 2024
Non-current
Others
Compensated absences 90 81
Accrued compensation to employees(1) 5 7
Accrued expenses(1) 1,876 1,779
Payable for acquisition of business – Contingent consideration(2) 20 –
Other payables(1) – 74
Total non-current other financial liabilities 1,991 1,941
Current
Unpaid dividends(1) 45 37
Others
Accrued compensation to employees(1) 3,781 3,336
Accrued expenses(1)(4) 6,210 5,134
Capital creditors(1) 470 269
Compensated absences 2,322 2,078
Payable for acquisition of business – Contingent consideration(2) 11 –
Other payables(1)(5) 1,206 933
Foreign currency forward and options contracts(2)(3) 56 21
Total current other financial liabilities 14,101 11,808
Total other financial liabilities 16,092 13,749
(1) Financial liability carried at amortized cost 13,593 11,569
(2) Financial liability carried at fair value through profit or loss 54 20
(3) Financial liability carried at fair value through other comprehensive income 33 1
(4) Includes dues to subsidiaries 56 29
(5) Includes dues to subsidiaries 669 405
Financial liability towards contingent consideration on an undiscounted basis 33 –
Accrued expenses primarily relate to cost of technical sub-contractors, telecommunication charges, legal and professional charges,
brand building expenses, overseas travel expenses, office maintenance and cost of third-party software and hardware.
2.14 Trade payables
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars As at March 31,
2025 2024
Outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises 8 92
Outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises(1) 2,720 2,401
Total trade payables 2,728 2,493
(1) Includes dues to subsidiaries 900 778
The information as required to be disclosed pursuant under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (MSMED
Act, 2006) has been determined to the extent such parties have been identified on the basis of information available with the Company.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 263
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars As at March 31,
2025 2024
Amount remaining unpaid :
Principal 8 92
Interest – –
Interest paid by the Company under MSMED Act, 2006 along with the amounts of the payment made to the
supplier beyond the appointed day 9 6
Interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment (which has been paid but beyond the
appointed day during the year) but without adding the interest specified under the MSMED Act, 2006); – –
Interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of the year – –
Interest remaining due and payable (pertaining to prior years), until such date when the interest dues as above
are actually paid to the small enterprise, for the purpose of disallowance as a deductible expenditure under
Section 23 of MSMED Act 2006. – –
The trade payables ageing schedule for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Not due Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
Outstanding dues to MSME 8 – – – – 8
92 – – – – 92
Others 1,557 1,163 – – – 2,720
2,039 362 – – – 2,401
Total trade payables 2,131 362 – – – 2,493
Relationship with struck off companies
There are no transactions with struck off companies for the year ending March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024.
2.15 Other liabilities
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars As at March 31, Particulars As at March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Non-current Others
Others Withholding taxes and others 2,433 1,974
Accrued defined benefit liability 74 123 Accrued defined benefit liability 3 2
Others 21 27 Others 10 7
Total non-current other liabilities 95 150 Total current other liabilities 9,159 7,681
Current Total other liabilities 9,254 7,831
Unearned revenue 6,713 5,698
264 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
2.16 Provisions Provision for post-sales client support and other provisions
majorly represents costs associated with providing sales support
Accounting policy
services which are accrued at the time of recognition of revenues
A provision is recognized if, as a result of a past event, the
and are expected to be utilized over a period of 1 year.
Company has a present legal or constructive obligation
that is reasonably estimable, and it is probable that an
2.17 Income taxes
outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the
obligation. Provisions are determined by discounting the Accounting policy
expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects Income tax expense comprises current and deferred income tax.
current market assessments of the time value of money and Income tax expense is recognized in net profit in the Statement
the risks specific to the liability. The Company recognizes of Profit and Loss except to the extent that it relates to items
a reimbursement asset when, and only when, it is virtually recognized directly in equity, in which case it is recognized in
certain that the reimbursement will be received if the Company equity or other comprehensive income. Current income tax for
settles the obligation. current and prior periods is recognized at the amount expected
to be paid to or recovered from the tax authorities, using the
a. Post-sales client support
tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively
The Company provides its clients with a fixed-period post-sales enacted by the Balance Sheet date. Deferred income tax assets
support on its fixed-price, fixed-timeframe contracts. Costs and liabilities are recognized for all temporary differences
associated with such support services are accrued at the time arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their
related revenues are recorded in the Statement of Profit and Loss. carrying amounts in the financial statements. Deferred tax
The Company estimates such costs based on historical experience assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced
and estimates are reviewed on a periodic basis for any material to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax
changes in assumptions and likelihood of occurrence. benefit will be realized.
b. Onerous contracts Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using
tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively
Provisions for onerous contracts are recognized when the
enacted by the Balance Sheet date and are expected to apply to
expected benefits to be derived by the Company from a contract
taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences
are lower than the unavoidable costs of meeting the future
are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of changes
obligations under the contract. Provisions for estimated losses,
in tax rates on deferred income tax assets and liabilities is
if any, on incomplete contracts are recorded in the period in
recognized as income or expense in the period that includes
which such losses become probable based on the estimated
the enactment or the substantive enactment date. A deferred
efforts or costs to complete the contract. The provision is
income tax asset is recognized to the extent that it is probable
measured at the present value of the lower of the expected
that future taxable profit will be available against which the
cost of terminating the contract and the expected net cost of
deductible temporary differences and tax losses can be utilized.
continuing with the contract. Before a provision is established,
Deferred income taxes are not provided on the undistributed
the Company recognizes any impairment loss on the assets
earnings of subsidiaries and branches where it is expected that
associated with that contract.
the earnings of the subsidiary or branch will not be distributed in
the foreseeable future.
Provision for post-sales client support and other provisions
The Company offsets current tax assets and current tax liabilities;
(In ₹ crore) deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, where it has a
legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts
Particulars As at March 31,
and where it intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize
2025 2024
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The income
Current tax provision for the interim period is made based on the best
Others estimate of the annual average tax rate expected to be applicable
for the full financial year. Tax benefits of deductions earned on
Post-sales client support and
exercise of employee share options in excess of compensation
other provisions 993 1,464
charged to income are credited to equity.
Total provisions 993 1,464
Income tax expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss comprises:
The movement in the provision for post-sales client
(In ₹ crore)
support is as follows :
Particulars As at March 31,
(In ₹ crore)
2025 2024
Particulars As at March 31, 2025
Current taxes 10,836 7,306
Balance at the beginning 1,464
Deferred taxes (963) 1,413
Provision recognized / (reversed) 119
Income tax expense 9,873 8,719
Provision utilized (618)
Translation difference 28
Balance at the end 993
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 265
A reconciliation of the income tax provision to the amount credit to the Statement of Profit and Loss. Also, upon resolution
computed by applying the statutory income tax rate to the of the disputes, an amount aggregating to ₹1,628 crore has been
income before income taxes is as follows: reduced from contingent liabilities.
The foreign tax expense is due to income taxes payable overseas,
(In ₹ crore)
principally in the United States.
Particulars As at March 31,
In India, the Company has benefited from certain income tax
2025 2024
incentives that the Government of India had provided for export
Profit before income taxes 35,441 35,953 of software and services from the units registered under the
Enacted tax rates in India 25.17% 34.94% Special Economic Zones Act (SEZs), 2005 in the prior years. SEZ
units which began the provision of services on or after April
Computed expected tax expense 8,920 12,564
1, 2005 are eligible for a deduction of 100% of profits or gains
Tax effect due to non-taxable derived from the export of services for the first five years from
income for Indian tax purposes – (3,009) the financial year in which the unit commenced the provision of
Overseas taxes 1,064 1,081 services and 50% of such profits or gains for further five years.
Up to 50% of such profits or gains is also available for a further
Tax provision (reversals) 97 (913)
five years subject to creation of a Special Economic Zone re-
Effect of exempt non-operating
investment Reserve out of the profit for the eligible SEZ units
income (413) (1,086)
and utilization of such reserve by the Company for acquiring new
Effect of non-deductible expenses 168 135 plant and machinery for the purpose of its business as per the
Effect of differential tax rates – (189) provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. (Refer to Special Economic
Zone Re-investment reserve under Note 2.12 Equity).
Others 37 136
Income tax expense 9,873 8,719 Deferred income tax for the year ended March 31, 2025 and
March 31, 2024 substantially relates to origination and reversal of
temporary differences.
The applicable Indian corporate statutory tax rate for the
year ended March 31, 2025 is 25.17% and for the year ended Infosys is subject to a 15% Branch Profit Tax (BPT) in the US to
March 31, 2024 is 34.94%. the extent its US branch's net profit during the year is greater
than the increase in the net assets of the US branch during the
Income tax expense for the year ended March 31, 2025 and
year, computed in accordance with the Internal Revenue Code.
March 31, 2024 includes provisions (net of reversals) of ₹97 crore
As at March 31, 2025, Infosys' US branch net assets amounted to
and reversals (net of provisions) of ₹913 crore, respectively.
approximately ₹7,755 crore. As at March 31, 2025, the Company
These provisions and reversals pertaining to prior periods are
has a deferred tax liability for branch profit tax of ₹271 crore (net
primarily on account of adjudication of certain disputed matters,
of credits), as the Company estimates that these branch profits
upon filing of tax return and completion of assessments, across
are expected to be distributed in the foreseeable future.
various jurisdictions.
Deferred income tax liabilities have not been recognized on
During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Company received
temporary differences amounting to ₹16,593 crore and ₹10,776
orders under Section 250 of the Income Tax Act, 1961, from the
crore as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively,
Income Tax Authorities in India for the assessment years, 2016-17
associated with investments in subsidiaries and branches as
and 2019-20. These orders confirmed the Company's position
the Company is able to control the timing of reversal of the
with respect to tax treatment of certain contentious matters. As a
temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary
result interest income (pre-tax) of ₹327 crore was recognised and
differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future. The
provision for income tax aggregating ₹183 crore was reversed
Company majorly intends to repatriate earnings from subsidiaries
with a corresponding credit to the Statement of Profit and Loss.
and branches only to the extent these can be distributed
Also, upon resolution of the disputes, an amount aggregating to
in a tax-free manner.
₹1,068 crore has been reduced from contingent liabilities.
Deferred income tax assets have not been recognized on
During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company received
accumulated losses of ₹1,466 crore and ₹1,358 crore as at March
orders under Sections 250 and 254 of the Income Tax Act, 1961,
31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively as it is probable that
from the Income Tax Authorities in India for the assessment
future taxable profit will not be available against which the
years, 2007-08 to 2015-16, 2017-18 and 2018-19. These orders
unused tax losses can be utilized in the foreseeable future.
confirmed the Company's position with respect to tax treatment
Majority of the accumulated losses as at March 31, 2025 will expire
of certain contentious matters. As a result interest income (pre-
between financial years 2028 to 2030.
tax) of ₹1,933 crore was recognised and provision for income
tax aggregating ₹525 crore was reversed with a corresponding
266 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
The details of income tax assets and income tax liabilities as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 are as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars As at March 31,
2025 2024
Income tax assets 4,113 8,912
Current income tax liabilities 4,016 2,962
Net current income tax assets / (liabilities) at the end 97 5,950
The gross movement in the current income tax assets / (liabilities) for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars As at March 31,
2025 2024
Net current income tax assets / (liabilities) at the beginning 5,950 3,082
Income tax paid* 4,601 8,235
Interest receivable on income tax refund 327 1,934
Current income tax expense (10,836) (7,306)
Income tax benefit arising on exercise of stock options 39 3
Income tax on other comprehensive income 13 2
Transfer on account of liquidation of subsidiary 3 –
Net current income tax assets / (liabilities) at the end 97 5,950
* net of refund
The movement in gross deferred income tax assets and liabilities (before set off) for the year ended March 31, 2025 is as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Carrying value Changes Changes Translation Carrying value
as of April 1, through profit through OCI difference as of March 31,
2024 and loss 2025
Deferred income tax assets / (liabilities)
Property, plant and equipment 280 15 – 1 296
Lease liabilities 173 (53) – – 120
Trade receivables 181 (5) – – 176
Compensated absences 542 65 – – 607
Post-sales client support 19 14 – – 33
Derivative financial instruments (11) (21) 8 (24)
Credits related to branch profits 811 (37) – 17 791
Intangibles through business transfer 1 (1) – – –
Branch profit tax (1,080) 41 – (23) (1,062)
SEZ reinvestment reserve (1,939) 554 – – (1,385)
Interest receivable on income tax refund (487) 416 – – (71)
Others 1 (25) (21) (1) (46)
Total deferred income tax assets / (liabilities) (1,509) 963 (13) (6) (565)
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 267
The movement in gross deferred income tax assets and liabilities (before set off) for the year ended March 31, 2024 was as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Carrying value Changes Changes Translation Carrying value
as of April 1, through profit through OCI difference as of March
2023 and loss 31, 2024
Deferred income tax assets / (liabilities)
Property, plant and equipment 211 69 – – 280
Lease liabilities 199 (26) – – 173
Trade receivables 211 (30) – – 181
Compensated absences 501 41 – – 542
Post-sales client support 188 (169) – – 19
Derivative financial instruments – (7) (4) – (11)
Credits related to branch profits 718 84 – 9 811
Intangibles through business transfer 2 (1) – – 1
Branch profit tax (866) (202) – (12) (1,080)
SEZ reinvestment reserve (1,329) (610) – – (1,939)
Interest receivable on income tax refund – (487) – – (487)
Others 78 (75) (4) 2 1
Total deferred income tax assets / (liabilities) (87) (1,413) (8) (1) (1,509)
The tax effects of significant temporary differences that resulted 2.18 Revenue from operations
in deferred income tax assets and liabilities are as follows:
Accounting policy
The Company derives revenues primarily from IT services
(In ₹ crore)
comprising software development and related services, cloud
Particulars As at March 31, and infrastructure services, maintenance, consulting and package
2025 2024 implementation, licensing of software products and platforms
across the Company’s core and digital offerings (together called
Deferred income tax assets after
as “software-related services”). Contracts with customers are
set off 497 –
either on a time-and-material, unit of work, fixed-price or on a
Deferred income tax liabilities after
fixed-timeframe basis.
set off (1,062) (1,509)
Revenues from customer contracts are considered for recognition
In assessing the reliazibility of deferred income tax assets, the and measurement when the contract has been approved in
Management considers whether some portion or all of the writing, by the parties, to the contract, the parties to contract
deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate are committed to perform their respective obligations under
realization of deferred income tax assets is dependent upon the contract, and the contract is legally enforceable. Revenue
the generation of future taxable income during the periods is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products
in which the temporary differences become deductible. The or services (“performance obligations”) to customers in an
Management considers the scheduled reversals of deferred amount that reflects the consideration the Company has
income tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax received or expects to receive in exchange for these products
planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on the level or services (“transaction price”). When there is uncertainty as
of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable to collectability, revenue recognition is postponed until such
income over the periods in which the deferred income tax assets uncertainty is resolved.
are deductible, management believes that the Company will
The Company assesses the services promised in a contract and
realize the benefits of those deductible differences. The amount
identifies distinct performance obligations in the contract.
of the deferred income tax assets considered realizable, however,
The Company allocates the transaction price to each distinct
could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable
performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling
income during the carry forward period are reduced.
price. The price that is regularly charged for an item when
The Company’s Advanced Pricing Arrangement (APA) with the sold separately is the best evidence of its standalone selling
Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for US branch income tax expired price. In the absence of such evidence, the primary method
in March 2021. The Company has applied for renewal of APA and used to estimate standalone selling price is the expected cost
currently the US taxable income is based on the Company’s best plus a margin, under which the Company estimates the cost
estimate determined based on the expected value method. of satisfying the performance obligation and then adds an
appropriate margin based on similar services.
268 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
The Company’s contracts may include variable consideration guidance. In such arrangements where the Company is able to
including rebates, volume discounts and penalties. The Company determine that hardware and services are distinct performance
includes variable consideration as part of transaction price when obligations, it allocates the consideration to these performance
there is a basis to reasonably estimate the amount of the variable obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. In
consideration and when it is probable that a significant reversal the absence of standalone selling price, the Company uses
of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the the expected cost-plus margin approach in estimating the
uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. standalone selling price. When such arrangements are considered
as a single performance obligation, revenue is recognized over
Revenue on time-and-material and unit of work based contracts,
the period and measure of progress is determined based on
are recognized as the related services are performed. Fixed-price
promise in the contract.
maintenance revenue is recognized ratably either on a straight-
line basis when services are performed through an indefinite Revenue from licenses where the customer obtains a “right
number of repetitive acts over a specified period or ratably using to use” the licenses is recognized at the time the license
a percentage of completion method when the pattern of benefits is made available to the customer. Revenue from licenses
from the services rendered to the customer and Company’s costs where the customer obtains a “right to access” is recognized
to fulfil the contract is not even through the period of contract over the access period.
because the services are generally discrete in nature and not
Arrangements to deliver software products generally have
repetitive. Revenue from other fixed-price, fixed-timeframe
three elements: license, implementation and Annual Technical
contracts, where the performance obligations are satisfied over
Services (ATS). When implementation services are provided in
time is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method.
conjunction with the licensing arrangement and the license and
Efforts or costs expended are used to determine progress
implementation have been identified as two distinct separate
towards completion as there is a direct relationship between
performance obligations, the transaction price for such contracts
input and productivity. Progress towards completion is measured
are allocated to each performance obligation of the contract
as the ratio of costs or efforts incurred to date (representing work
based on their relative standalone selling prices. In the absence
performed) to the estimated total costs or efforts. Estimates
of standalone selling price for implementation, the Company
of transaction price and total costs or efforts are continuously
uses the expected cost plus margin approach in estimating the
monitored over the term of the contracts and are recognized in
standalone selling price. Where the license is required to be
net profit in the period when these estimates change or when
substantially customized as part of the implementation service
the estimates are revised. Revenues and the estimated total
the entire arrangement fee for license and implementation
costs or efforts are subject to revision as the contract progresses.
is considered to be a single performance obligation and the
Provisions for estimated losses, if any, on incomplete contracts
revenue is recognized using the percentage-of-completion
are recorded in the period in which such losses become probable
method as the implementation is performed. Revenue from client
based on the estimated efforts or costs to complete the contract.
training, support and other services arising due to the sale of
The billing schedules agreed with customers include periodic software products is recognized as the performance obligations
performance-based billing and / or milestone based progress are satisfied. ATS revenue is recognized ratably on a straight line
billings. Revenues in excess of billing are classified as unbilled basis over the period in which the services are rendered.
revenue while billing in excess of revenues are classified as
Contracts with customers includes subcontractor services or
contract liabilities (which we refer to as "unearned revenues").
third-party vendor equipment or software in certain integrated
In arrangements for software development and related services arrangements. In these types of arrangements, revenue
services and maintenance services, by applying the revenue from sales of third-party vendor products or services is recorded
recognition criteria for each distinct performance obligation, net of costs when the Company is acting as an agent between
the arrangements with customers generally meet the criteria the customer and the vendor, and gross when the Company
for considering software development and related services as is the principal for the transaction. In doing so, the Company
distinct performance obligations. For allocating the transaction first evaluates whether it obtains control of the specified goods
price, the Company measures the revenue in respect of each or services before they are transferred to the customer. The
performance obligation of a contract at its relative standalone Company considers whether it is primarily responsible for
selling price. The price that is regularly charged for an item when fulfilling the promise to provide the specified goods or services,
sold separately is the best evidence of its standalone selling inventory risk, pricing discretion and other factors to determine
price. In cases where the Company is unable to determine the whether it controls the specified goods or services and therefore,
standalone selling price, the Company uses the expected cost is acting as a principal or an agent.
plus margin approach in estimating the standalone selling
A contract modification is a change in the scope or price or both
price. For software development and related services, the
of a contract that is approved by the parties to the contract.
performance obligations are satisfied as and when the services
A contract modification that results in the addition of distinct
are rendered since the customer generally obtains control of the
performance obligations are accounted for either as a separate
work as it progresses.
contract if the additional services are priced at the standalone
Certain cloud and infrastructure services contracts include selling price or as a termination of the existing contract and
multiple elements which may be subject to other specific creation of a new contract if they are not priced at the standalone
accounting guidance, such as leasing guidance. These contracts selling price. If the modification does not result in a distinct
are accounted in accordance with such specific accounting
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 269
performance obligation, it is accounted for as part of the existing excess of billings from time and material contracts and fixed-
contract on a cumulative catch-up basis. price maintenance contracts are classified as financial asset
when the right to consideration is unconditional and is due only
The incremental costs of obtaining a contract (i.e., costs
after a passage of time.
that would not have been incurred if the contract had not
been obtained) are recognized as an asset if the Company Invoicing to the clients for other fixed-price contracts is based on
expects to recover them. milestones as defined in the contract and therefore the timing of
revenue recognition is different from the timing of invoicing to
Certain eligible, nonrecurring costs (e.g. set-up or transition
the customers. Therefore unbilled revenues for other fixed-price
or transformation costs) that do not represent a separate
contracts (contract asset) are classified as non-financial asset
performance obligation are recognized as an asset when
because the right to consideration is dependent on completion
such costs (a) relate directly to the contract; (b) generate
of contractual milestones.
or enhance resources of the Company that will be used in
satisfying the performance obligation in the future; and (c) are Invoicing in excess of earnings are classified as unearned revenue.
expected to be recovered.
Trade receivables and unbilled revenues are presented net of
Capitalized contract costs relating to upfront payments to impairment in the Balance Sheet.
customers are amortized to revenue and other capitalized costs
During the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 , the
are amortized to expenses over the respective contract life
Company recognized revenue of ₹4,404 crore and ₹4,189 crore
on a systematic basis consistent with the transfer of goods or
arising from opening unearned revenue as of April 1, 2024 and
services to customer to which the asset relates. Capitalized costs
April 1, 2023 respectively.
are monitored regularly for impairment. Impairment losses are
recorded when present value of projected remaining operating During the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024,
cash flows is not sufficient to recover the carrying amount of ₹4,448 crore and ₹6,396 crore of unbilled revenue pertaining
the capitalized costs. to other fixed-price and fixed-timeframe contracts as
of April 1, 2024 and April 1, 2023, respectively has been
The Company presents revenues net of indirect taxes in its
reclassified to trade receivables upon billing to customers on
Statement of Profit and Loss.
completion of milestones.
Revenue from operations for the year ended March 31, 2025 and
March 31, 2024 is as follows: Remaining performance obligation disclosure
The remaining performance obligation disclosure provides the
(In ₹ crore)
aggregate amount of the transaction price yet to be recognized
Particulars Year ended March 31, as at the end of the reporting period and an explanation as
to when the Company expects to recognize these amounts in
2025 2024
revenue. Applying the practical expedient as given in Ind AS
Revenue from software services 135,525 128,637 115, the Company has not disclosed the remaining performance
Revenue from products and obligation related disclosures for contracts where the revenue
platforms 1,067 296 recognized corresponds directly with the value to the customer
Total revenue from operations 136,592 128,933 of the entity's performance completed to date, typically those
contracts where invoicing is on time-and-material and unit
Products & platforms of work-based contracts. Remaining performance obligation
estimates are subject to change and are affected by several
The Company derives revenues from the sale of products and
factors, including terminations, changes in the scope of contracts,
platforms including Infosys Applied AI which applies next-
periodic revalidations, adjustment for revenue that has not
generation AI and machine learning.
materialized and adjustments for currency fluctuations.
The percentage of revenue from fixed-price contracts for
The aggregate value of performance obligations that are
the Year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is 58%
completely or partially unsatisfied as at March 31, 2025, other
and 56%, respectively.
than those meeting the exclusion criteria mentioned above, is
₹90,815 crore. Out of this, the Company expects to recognize
Trade receivables and Contract Balances
revenue of around 50.9% within the next one year and around
The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections
20.4% between one and two years and remaining thereafter. The
results in receivables, unbilled revenue, and unearned revenue
aggregate value of performance obligations that are completely
on the Company’s Balance Sheet. Amounts are billed as work
or partially unsatisfied as at March 31, 2024 is ₹80,334 crore.
progresses in accordance with agreed-upon contractual terms,
The contracts can generally be terminated by the customers
either at periodic intervals (e.g., monthly or quarterly) or upon
and typically includes an enforceable termination penalty
achievement of contractual milestones.
payable by them. Generally, customers have not terminated
The Company’s receivables are rights to consideration that contracts without cause.
are unconditional. Unbilled revenues comprising revenues in
270 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
2.19 Other income, net Other income for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March
31, 2024 is as follows:
2.19.1 Other income
Accounting policy
(In ₹ crore)
Other income is comprised primarily of interest income, dividend
Particulars Year ended March 31,
income, gain / loss on investments and exchange gain / loss
2025 2024
on forward and options contracts and on translation of foreign
currency assets and liabilities. Interest income is recognized using Interest income on financial assets
the effective interest method. Dividend income is recognized carried at amortized cost
when the right to receive payment is established. Tax-free bonds and
government bonds 121 131
2.19.2 Foreign currency
Deposit with bank and others 1,051 665
Accounting policy
Interest income on financial assets
Functional currency carried at fair value through other
comprehensive income
The functional currency of the Company is the Indian rupee.
Non-convertible debentures,
These financial statements are presented in Indian rupees
commercial papers, certificates
(rounded off to crore; one crore equals ten million).
of deposit and government
Transactions and translations securities 1,005 898
Income on investments carried
Foreign-currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities
at fair value through other
are translated into the relevant functional currency at exchange
comprehensive income 2 –
rates in effect at the Balance Sheet date. The gains or losses
resulting from such translations are recognized in the Statement Income on investments carried at
of Profit and Loss and reported within exchange gains / (losses) fair value through profit or loss
on translation of assets and liabilities, net, except when deferred Gain / (loss) on liquid mutual
in Other Comprehensive Income as qualifying cash flow hedges. funds and other investments 242 224
Non-monetary assets and non-monetary liabilities denominated Gain / (loss) on investments carried
in a foreign currency and measured at fair value are translated at at amortized cost
the exchange rate prevalent at the date when the fair value was
Gain / (loss) on tax-free bonds 4 –
determined. Non-monetary assets and non-monetary liabilities
denominated in a foreign currency and measured at historical Interest on income tax refund 340 1,936
cost are translated at the exchange rate prevalent at the date of Dividend received from subsidiary 1,522 2,976
the transaction. The related revenue and expense are recognized
Exchange gains / (losses) on foreign
using the same exchange rate. currency forward and options
contracts (206) 111
Transaction gains or losses realized upon settlement of foreign
currency transactions are included in determining net profit Exchange gains / (losses) on
for the period in which the transaction is settled. Revenue, translation of other assets and
expense and cash-flow items denominated in foreign currencies liabilities 478 214
are translated into the relevant functional currencies using the Miscellaneous income, net 223 262
exchange rate in effect on the date of the transaction.
Total other income 4,782 7,417
Other Comprehensive Income, net of taxes includes translation
differences on non-monetary financial assets measured at 2.20 Expenses
fair value at the reporting date, such as equities classified as (In ₹ crore)
financial instruments and measured at fair value through other
Particulars Year ended March 31,
comprehensive income (FVOCI).
2025 2024
Government grant
Employee benefit expenses
The Company recognizes government grants only when there is
Salaries including bonus 64,296 62,383
reasonable assurance that the conditions attached to them shall
Contribution to provident and other 2,080 1,972
be complied with, and the grants will be received. Government
funds
grants related to assets are treated as deferred income and are
recognized in the net profit in the Statement of Profit and Loss Share-based payments to employees 712 575
on a systematic and rational basis over the useful life of the (Refer to Note 2.12)
asset. Government grants related to revenue are recognized on Staff welfare 378 209
a systematic basis in the net profit in the Statement of Profit and
67,466 65,139
Loss over the periods necessary to match them with the related
costs which they are intended to compensate.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 271
These plans are managed by third-party fund managers. The
Particulars Year ended March 31,
plans provide for periodic payouts after retirement and / or a
2025 2024 lumpsum payment as set out in rules of each fund and includes
Cost of software packages and others death and disability benefits. The defined benefit plans require
contributions which are based on a percentage of salary that
For own use 1,947 1,635
varies depending on the age of the respective employees.
Third-party items bought for 7,670 5,256
service delivery to clients Liabilities with regard to these defined benefit plans are
determined by actuarial valuation, performed by an external
9,617 6,891
actuary, at each Balance Sheet date using the projected
Other expenses
unit credit method. These defined benefit plans expose the
Power and fuel 196 172 Company to actuarial risks, such as longevity risk, interest rate
Brand and marketing 1,067 851 risk and market risk.
Rates and taxes 257 248 The Company recognizes the net obligation of a defined benefit
Repairs and maintenance 965 953 plan in its Balance Sheet as an asset or liability. Gains and losses
through re-measurements of the net defined benefit liability
Consumables 32 23
/ (asset) are recognized in other comprehensive income and
Insurance 242 172 are not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods. The
Provision for post-sales client (114) 77 actual return of the portfolio of plan assets, in excess of the yields
support and others computed by applying the discount rate used to measure the
defined benefit obligation is recognized in other comprehensive
Commission to non-whole time 18 16
directors income. The effect of any plan amendments is recognized in net
profit in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
Impairment loss recognized / (7) 130
(reversed) under expected credit 2.21.2 Provident fund
loss model
Eligible employees of Infosys receive benefits from a provident
Auditor's remuneration
fund, which is a defined benefit plan. Both the eligible employee
Statutory audit fees 8 8 and the Company make monthly contributions to the provident
Tax matters – – fund plan equal to a specified percentage of the covered
employee's salary. The Company contributes a portion to the
Other services – –
Infosys Limited Employees' Provident Fund Trust. The trust
Contributions towards Corporate 540 492 invests in specific designated instruments as permitted by Indian
Social Responsibility (Refer to law. The remaining portion is contributed to the government
Note 2.25)
administered pension fund. The rate at which the annual interest
Others 293 446 is payable to the beneficiaries by the trust is being administered
3,497 3,588 by the Government of India. The Company has an obligation
to make good the shortfall, if any, between the return from the
investments of the Trust and the notified interest rate.
2.21 Employee benefits
Accounting policy 2.21.3 Superannuation
2.21.1 Gratuity and pensions Certain employees of Infosys are participants in a defined
contribution plan. The Company has no further obligations to
The Company provides for gratuity, a defined benefit retirement
the Plan beyond its monthly contributions which are periodically
plan ("the Gratuity Plan") covering eligible Indian employees
contributed to a trust fund, the corpus of which is invested with
of Infosys. The Gratuity Plan provides a lump-sum payment
the Life Insurance Corporation of India.
to vested employees at retirement, death, incapacitation
or termination of employment, of an amount based on the 2.21.4 Compensated absences
respective employee's salary and the tenure of employment
The Company has a policy on compensated absences which
with the Company. The Company contributes Gratuity liabilities
are both accumulating and non-accumulating in nature. The
to the Infosys Limited Employees' Gratuity Fund Trust ("the
expected cost of accumulating compensated absences is
Trust"). Trustees administer contributions made to the Trusts and
determined by actuarial valuation performed by an external
contributions are invested in a scheme with the Life Insurance
actuary at each Balance Sheet date using projected unit credit
Corporation of India as permitted by Indian law.
method on the additional amount expected to be paid / availed
The Company operates defined benefit pension plan in certain as a result of the unused entitlement that has accumulated at the
overseas jurisdictions, in accordance with the local laws. Balance Sheet date. Expense on non-accumulating compensated
absences is recognized in the period in which the absences occur.
272 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
a. Gratuity and Pension
The details of the defined benefit retirement plans and the amounts recognized in the Standalone financial statements as at March 31,
2025 and March 31, 2024 are as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Gratuity Pension
As at March 31, As at March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Change in benefit obligations
Benefit obligations at the beginning 1,830 1,524 686 591
Service cost 305 280 28 30
Interest expense 122 104 11 11
Past service cost – plan amendments – – – (28)
Transfer 4 32 – –
Remeasurements – Actuarial (gains) / losses 73 22 57 18
Employee contribution – – 24 23
Benefits paid (158) (132) (18) 29
Translation difference 1 – 37 12
Benefit obligations at the end 2,177 1,830 825 686
Change in plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning 1,817 1,516 650 537
Interest income 132 110 11 10
Transfer 4 3 – –
Remeasurements- Return on plan assets excluding amounts
included in interest income 20 15 48 11
Employee contribution – – 24 23
Employer contribution 590 303 28 29
Benefits paid (155) (130) (18) 29
Translation difference (1) – 32 11
Fair value of plan assets at the end 2,407 1,817 775 650
Funded status 230 (13) (50) (36)
Defined benefit plan asset (Refer to Note 2.10) 257 9 – –
Defined benefit plan liability (27) (22) (50) (36)
The amount for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss under employee
benefit expense are as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Gratuity Pension
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Service cost 305 280 28 30
Net interest on the net defined benefit liability / asset (10) (6) – 1
Plan amendments – – – (28)
Net cost 295 274 28 3
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 273
The amount for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 recognized in the statement of other comprehensive
income are as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Gratuity Pension
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability / (asset)
Actuarial (gains) / losses 73 22 57 18
(Return) / loss on plan assets excluding amounts included in the net
interest on the net defined benefit liability / (asset) (20) (15) (48) (11)
53 7 9 7
Break up of actuarial (gains) / losses for year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Gratuity Pension
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
(Gain) / loss from change in demographic assumptions – – – –
(Gain) / loss from change in financial assumptions 39 9 36 16
(Gain) / loss from change in experience assumptions 34 13 21 2
73 22 57 18
The weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 are as follows:
Particulars Gratuity Pension
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Discount rate (in %)(1) 6.50 7 0.9-3.4 1.5-3.4
Weighted average rate of increase in compensation levels (in %)(2) 6 6 1-3 1-3
Weighted average duration of defined benefit obligation(3) 5.7 years 5.8 years 13 years 12 years
(1) For domestic defined benefit plan in India, the market for high quality corporate bonds being not developed, the yield of government bonds is considered
as the discount rate. For most of our overseas defined benefit plan, given that the market for high quality corporate bonds is not developed, the Government
bond rate adjusted for corporate spreads is used.
(2) The average rate of increase in compensation levels is determined by the Company, considering factors such as, the Company’s past compensation revision
trends, inflation in respective markets and management’s estimate of future salary increases.
(3) Attrition rate considered is the Management’s estimate based on the past long-term trend of employee turnover in the Company. The tenure has been
considered taking into account the past long-term trend of employees' average remaining service life which reflects the average estimated term of post-
employment benefit obligation.
The weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the year ended March 31, 2025 and
March 31, 2024 are as follows:
(In %)
Particulars Gratuity Pension
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Discount rate 7.0 7.1 1.5-3.4 1.8-3.2
Weighted average rate of increase in compensation levels 6 6 1-3 1-3
274 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
For domestic defined benefit plan in India, assumptions • Life expectancy and investment risk: The pension fund
regarding future mortality experience are set in accordance offers the choice between a lifelong pension and a cash
with the published statistics by the Life Insurance Corporation lump sum upon retirement. The pension fund has defined
of India. For overseas defined benefit plan, the assumptions rates for converting the lump sum to a pension and there is
regarding future mortality experience are set with regard to the risk that the members live longer than implied by these
the latest statistics in life expectancy, plan experience and conversion rates and that the pension assets don’t achieve
other relevant data. the investment return implied by these conversion rates.
• Asset volatility: A proportion of the pension fund is held in
The Company assesses all the above assumptions
equities, which is expected to outperform corporate bonds
with its projected long-term plans of growth and
in the long term but give exposure to volatility and risk in the
prevalent industry standards.
short term. The pension fund board of insurer is responsible
The Company contributes all ascertained liabilities towards for the investment strategy and equity allocation is justified
gratuity to the Infosys Limited Employees' Gratuity Fund given the long-term investment horizon of the pension fund
Trust. Trustees administer contributions made to the trust. and the objective to provide a reasonable long term return on
The plan assets of the overseas defined benefit plan have members’ account balances.
been primarily invested in insurer managed funds and the
asset allocation for plan assets is determined based on the The sensitivity of significant assumptions used for valuation of
investment criteria prescribed under the relevant regulations defined benefit obligation is as follows :
applicable to pension funds and the insurer managers. The
insurers' investment are diversified and provide for guaranteed (In ₹ crore)
interest rates arrangements.
Impact from As at March 31, 2025
Actual return on assets (including remeasurement) of the gratuity
Gratuity Pension
plan for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 were
1% point 0.5% point
₹152 crore and ₹125 crore, respectively and for the pension plan
increase / increase /
were ₹59 crore and ₹21 crore, respectively.
decrease decrease
The contributions for gratuity are invested in a scheme with the
Discount rate 122 38
Life Insurance Corporation of India as permitted by Indian law.
Weighted average rate of increase in
The details of major plan assets into various categories as at compensation level 123 4
March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 are as follows:
Sensitivity for significant actuarial assumptions is computed
(In %) by varying one actuarial assumption used for the valuation
of defined benefit obligation, keeping all other actuarial
Particulars Pension
assumptions constant. In practice, this is not probable, and
As at March 31,
changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated.
2025 2024
The Company expects to contribute ₹350 crore to gratuity and
Equity 34 34
₹27 crore to pension during the fiscal 2026.
Bonds 30 32
Maturity profile of defined benefit obligation:
Real estate / property 26 26
Cash and cash equivalents 1 1 (In ₹ crore)
Other 9 7 Particulars Gratuity Pension
Within 1 year 267 46
These defined benefit plans expose the Company to actuarial risk
1-2 year 268 49
which are set out below:
2-3 year 292 50
• Interest rate risk: The present value of the defined benefit 3-4 year 278 54
plan liability is generally calculated using a discount rate
4-5 year 255 50
determined by reference to government bond yields and in
certain overseas jurisdictions, it is calculated in reference to 5-10 years 950 222
government bond yield adjusted for a corporate spread. If
bond yields fall, the defined benefit obligation will tend to
increase.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 275
b. Superannuation Amount for the year ended March 31, 2025 and
March 31, 2024 recognized in the statement of other
The Company contributed ₹493 crore and ₹493 crore to the
comprehensive income is as follows:
Superannuation trust during the year ended March 31, 2025 and
March 31, 2024 respectively and the same has been recognized
(In ₹ crore)
in the Statement of Profit and Loss account under the head
employee benefit expense. Particulars Year ended March 31,
2025 2024
c. Provident fund
Service cost 952 880
Infosys has an obligation to fund any shortfall on the yield of the
trust’s investments over the administered interest rates on an Net interest on the net defined 4 24
annual basis. These administered rates are determined annually benefit liability / asset
predominantly considering the social and economic factors. The Net provident fund cost 956 904
actuary has provided a valuation for provident fund liabilities on
the basis of guidance issued by the Actuarial Society of India. Amount for the year ended March 31, 2025 and
March 31, 2024 recognized in the statement of other
The funded status of the defined benefit provident fund plan of
comprehensive income is as follows:
Infosys limited and the amounts recognized in the Company's
financial statements as at March 31, 2025 and
Particulars As at March 31,
March 31, 2024 is as follows:
2025 2024
(In ₹ crore) Remeasurements of the net defined
Particulars As at March 31, benefit liability / (asset)
Actuarial (gains) / losses 218 96
2025 2024
(Return) / loss on plan assets excluding
Change in benefit obligations
amounts included in the net interest
Benefit obligations at the beginning 11,879 10,527
on the net defined benefit liability /
Service cost 952 880 (asset) (245) (234)
Employee contribution 1,683 1,652 Asset ceiling effect 61 –
Interest expense 862 764 34 (138)
Actuarial (gains) / loss 218 96
The assumptions used in determining the present value
Benefits paid (1,727) (2,040)
obligation of the defined benefit plan under the Deterministic
Benefit obligations at the end 13,867 11,879 Approach are as follows:
Change in plan assets
Particulars As at March 31,
Fair value of plan assets at the
beginning 11,812 10,184 2025 2024
Interest income 858 740 Government of India (GOI) bond yield(1) 6.50% 7.00%
Remeasurements – Return on plan Expected rate of return on plan assets 8.00% 8.20%
assets excluding amounts included in
Remaining term to maturity of
interest income 245 234
portfolio 6 years 6 years
Employer contribution 1,057 1,042 Expected guaranteed interest rate 8.25% 8.25%
Employee contribution 1,683 1,652
(1) In India, the market for high quality corporate bonds being not developed,
Benefits paid (1,727) (2,040)
the yield of government bonds is considered as the discount rate. The
Fair value of plan assets at the end 13,928 11,812 tenure has been considered taking into account the past long-term trend
of employees’ average remaining service life which reflects the average
Funded status [surplus / (deficit)] 61 (67)
estimated term of the post-employment benefit obligations.
Irrecoverable surplus (effect of asset
ceiling) (61) –
Net defined benefit asset / (liability) – (67)
276 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
The breakup of the plan assets into various categories as at March dividing the net profit attributable to the equity holders of the
31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows: Company by the weighted average number of equity shares
considered for deriving basic earnings per equity share and also
(In %) the weighted average number of equity shares that could have
been issued upon conversion of all dilutive potential equity
Particulars As at March 31,
shares. The dilutive potential equity shares are adjusted for the
2025 2024
proceeds receivable had the equity shares been actually issued at
Central and State government bonds 60 60 fair value (i.e. the average market value of the outstanding equity
shares). Dilutive potential equity shares are deemed converted
Public sector undertakings and 28 30
as at the beginning of the period, unless issued at a later date.
Private sector bonds
Dilutive potential equity shares are determined independently
Others 12 10
for each period presented.
The asset allocation for plan assets is determined based on the The number of equity shares and potentially dilutive equity
investment criteria prescribed under the relevant regulations. shares are adjusted retrospectively for all periods presented for
any share splits and bonus shares issues including for changes
The actuarial valuation of PF liability exposes the Company to
effected prior to the approval of the financial statements by
interest rate risk. The defined benefit obligation calculated uses a
the Board of Directors.
discount rate based on government bonds. If bond yields fall, the
defined benefit obligation will tend to increase. The following is the computation of basic earnings
per equity share:
As at March 31, 2025 the defined benefit obligation would
be affected by approximately ₹129 crore and ₹129 crore on
Particulars Year ended March 31,
account of a 0.25% increase / decrease in the expected rate of
2025 2024
return on plan assets.
Profit for the year (in ₹ crore) 25,568 27,234
The Company contributed ₹1158 crore and ₹1,100 crore to the
Basic earnings per equity share
provident fund during the year ended March 31, 2025 and March
– weighted average number of
31, 2024, respectively. The same has been recognized in the
equity shares outstanding 415,19,36,905 415,00,99,796
net profit in the Statement of Profit and Loss under the head
employee benefit expense. Basic earnings per equity
share (₹) 61.58 65.62
The provident plans are applicable only to employees drawing a
salary in Indian rupees.
The following is a reconciliation of the equity shares used in the
Employee benefits cost include: computation of basic and diluted earnings per equity share and
computation of diluted earnings per equity share:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Year ended March 31,
Particulars Year ended March 31,
2025 2024
2025 2024
Profit for the year (in ₹ crore) 25,568 27,234
Salaries and bonus(1) 65,492 63,274
Weighted average number of
Defined contribution plans 493 493
equity shares outstanding used
Defined benefit plans 1,481 1,372 in computing in basic earnings
per equity share 415,19,36,905 415,00,99,796
67,466 65,139
Effect of dilutive common
(1) Includes employee stock compensation expense of ₹712 crore and ₹575 equivalent shares – share
crore for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively options outstanding 79,68,571 38,94,828
(Refer to Note 2.12).
Weighted average number of
2.22 Earnings per equity share equity shares and common
equivalent shares outstanding
Accounting Policy
used in computing diluted
Basic earnings per equity share is computed by dividing the net
earnings per equity share 415,99,05,476 415,39,94,624
profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company by the
Diluted earnings per equity
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during
share (₹) 61.46 65.56
the period. Diluted earnings per equity share is computed by
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 277
For the years ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, there were Nil and 47,395 options to purchase equity shares which had an
anti-dilutive effect.
2.23 Contingent liabilities and commitments
Accounting policy
Contingent liability is a possible obligation arising from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or
non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the entity or a present obligation that arises from
past events but is not recognized because it is not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required
to settle the obligation or the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability.
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars As at March 31,
2025 2024
Contingent liabilities:
Claims against the Company, not acknowledged as debts(1) 1,772 2,649
[Amount paid to statutory authorities ₹3,815 crore (₹8,283 crore)]
Commitments:
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital contracts and not provided for
(net of advances and deposits)(2) 868 688
Other commitments* 27 5
* Uncalled capital pertaining to investments
(1) As at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts in respect of income tax matters amounted to ₹1,290 crore
and ₹2,260 crore, respectively.
The claims against the Company primarily represent demands arising on completion of assessment proceedings under the Income Tax Act, 1961. These claims
are on account of issues of disallowance of expenditure towards software being held as capital in nature, payments made to Associated Enterprises held as
liable for withholding of taxes, among others. These matters are pending before various Income Tax Authorities and the Management including its tax advisors
expect that its position will likely be upheld on ultimate resolution and will not have a material adverse effect on the Company financial position and results of
operations
Amount paid to statutory authorities against the tax claims amounted to ₹3,810 crore and ₹8,273 crore as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively.
(2) Capital contracts primarily comprises of commitments for infrastructure facilities and computer equipments.
Legal proceedings
The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims, which have arisen in the ordinary course of business. The Company’s
management reasonably expects that such ordinary course legal actions, when ultimately concluded and determined, will not have a
material and adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations or financial condition.
278 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
2.24 Related party transactions
List of related parties
(In %)
Name of subsidiaries Country Holdings as at March 31,
2025 2024
Infosys Technologies (China) Co. Limited (Infosys China)(1) China 100 100
Infosys Technologies S. de R. L. de C. V. (Infosys Mexico)(1) Mexico 100 100
Infosys Technologies (Sweden) AB (Infosys Sweden)(1) Sweden 100 100
Infosys Technologies (Shanghai) Company Limited (Infosys Shanghai)(1) China 100 100
EdgeVerve Systems Limited (EdgeVerve)(1) India 100 100
Infosys Austria GmbH(1) Austria 100 100
Skava Systems Private Limited (Skava Systems)(1)(35) India – 100
Infosys Chile SpA(1) Chile 100 100
Infosys Arabia Limited(2)(20) Saudi Arabia 70 70
Infosys Consulting Ltda.(1) Brazil 100 100
Infosys Luxembourg S.a.r.l(1) Luxembourg 100 100
Infosys Americas Inc. (Infosys Americas)(1)(23) US – –
Infosys Consulting S.R.L.(2) Argentina 100 100
Infosys Romania S.r.l. (formerly Infosys Consulting S.R.L. (Romania))(1) Romania 100 100
Infosys Limited Bulgaria EOOD(1) Bulgaria 100 100
Infosys Turkey Bilgi Teknolojileri Limited Sirketi(1) Turkey 100 100
Infosys Germany Holding Gmbh(1) Germany 100 100
Infosys Automotive and Mobility GmbH & Co. KG(1) Germany 100 100
Infosys Green Forum(1) India 100 100
Infosys Business Solutions LLC(1) Qatar 100 100
WongDoody Inc.(1)(37) US – 100
IDUNN Information Technology Private Limited (formerly Danske IT and Support Services India India
Private Limited (“Danske IT”))(1)(25) 100 100
Infosys Public Services, Inc. USA (Infosys Public Services)(1) US 100 100
Infosys Public Services Canada Inc.(11) Canada 100 100
Infosys BPM Limited(1) India 100 100
Infosys BPM UK Limited(3) UK 100 100
Infosys (Czech Republic) Limited s.r.o.(3) Czech Republic 100 100
Infosys Poland Sp z.o.o(3) Poland 100 100
Infosys McCamish Systems LLC(3) US 100 100
Portland Group Pty Ltd(3) Australia 100 100
Infosys BPO Americas LLC.(3) US 100 100
Infosys BPM Canada Inc(3)(24)(29) Canada – –
Panaya Inc. (Panaya)(1) US 100 100
Panaya Ltd.(4) Israel 100 100
Panaya Germany GmbH(4) Germany 100 100
Brilliant Basics Holdings Limited (Brilliant Basics)(1)(20) UK 100 100
Brilliant Basics Limited(5)(20) UK 100 100
Infosys Consulting Holding AG(1) Switzerland 100 100
Infosys Management Consulting Pty Limited(6) Australia 100 100
Infosys Consulting AG(6) Switzerland 100 100
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 279
Name of subsidiaries Country Holdings as at March 31,
2025 2024
Infosys Consulting GmbH(6) Germany 100 100
Infosys Consulting SAS(6) France 100 100
Infy Consulting B.V.(6) The Netherlands 100 100
Infosys Consulting (Belgium) NV(6) Belgium 100 100
Infy Consulting Company Ltd(6) UK 100 100
GuideVision s.r.o.(7) Czech Republic 100 100
GuideVision Deutschland GmbH(8) Germany 100 100
GuideVision Suomi Oy(8) Finland 100 100
GuideVision Magyarország Kft(8) Hungary 100 100
GuideVision Polska Sp. z.o.o(8) Poland 100 100
GuideVision UK Ltd(8)(20) UK 100 100
Infosys Nova Holdings LLC. (Infosys Nova)(1) US 100 100
Outbox systems Inc. dba Simplus (US)(9)(38) US – 100
Simplus ANZ Pty Ltd.(9) Australia 100 100
Simplus Australia Pty Ltd(10) Australia 100 100
Simplus Philippines, Inc.(9) Philippines 100 100
Kaleidoscope Animations, Inc.(9)(38) US – 100
Kaleidoscope Prototyping LLC(17)(27) US – –
Blue Acorn iCi Inc (formerly Beringer Commerce Inc)(9)(38) US – 100
Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd. (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd.)(1) Singapore 100 100
Infosys Financial Services GmbH. (formerly Panaya GmbH)(12) Germany 100 100
Infosys South Africa (Pty) Ltd(12) South Africa 100 100
Infosys (Malaysia) SDN. BHD. (formerly Global Enterprise International (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.)(12) Malaysia 100 100
Infosys Middle East FZ LLC(12) Dubai 100 100
Infosys Norway(12) Norway 100 100
Infosys Compaz Pte. Ltd(13) Singapore 60 60
HIPUS Co., Ltd(13) Japan 81 81
Fluido Oy(12) Finland 100 100
Fluido Sweden AB(14) Sweden 100 100
Fluido Norway A/S(14) Norway 100 100
Fluido Denmark A/S(14) Denmark 100 100
Fluido Slovakia s.r.o(14) Slovakia 100 100
Infosys Fluido UK, Ltd.(14) UK 100 100
Infosys Fluido Ireland, Ltd.(15) Ireland 100 100
Stater N.V.(13) The Netherlands 75 75
Stater Nederland B.V.(16) The Netherlands 75 75
Stater XXL B.V.(16) The Netherlands 75 75
HypoCasso B.V.(16) The Netherlands 75 75
Stater Participations B.V.(28) The Netherlands – –
Stater Belgium N.V./S.A.(16)(28) Belgium 75 75
Stater Gmbh(16) Germany 75 75
Infosys Germany GmbH (formerly Kristall 247. GmbH (“Kristall”))(12) Germany 100 100
Wongdoody Gmbh (formerly known as oddity GmbH)(18) Germany 100 100
280 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Name of subsidiaries Country Holdings as at March 31,
2025 2024
WongDoody (Shanghai) Co. Limited (formerly known as oddity (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.)(19) China 100 100
WongDoody limited (Taipei) (formerly known as oddity Limited (Taipei))(19) Taiwan 100 100
oddity space GmbH(18)(26) Germany – –
oddity jungle GmbH(18)(26) Germany – –
oddity code GmbH(18)(26) Germany – –
WongDoody d.o.o (formerly known as oddity code d.o.o)(19)(26) Serbia 100 100
oddity waves GmbH(18)(26) Germany – –
oddity group services GmbH(18)(26) Germany – –
BASE life science A/S(12) Denmark 100 100
BASE life science AG(21) Switzerland 100 100
BASE life science GmbH(21) Germany 100 100
BASE life science S.A.S(21) France 100 100
BASE life science Ltd.(21) UK 100 100
BASE life science S.r.l.(21) Italy 100 100
Innovisor Inc.(21) US 100 100
BASE life science Inc.(21) US 100 100
BASE life science S.L.(21) Spain 100 100
InSemi Technology Services Private Limited(30) India 100 –
Elbrus Labs Private Limited(30)(22) India 100 –
Infosys Services (Thailand) Limited(1)(32) Thailand 100 –
Infy tech SAS(12)(31) France 100 –
in-tech Holding GmbH(33)(39) Germany – –
in-tech GmbH(33) Germany 100 –
Friedrich & Wagner Asia Pacific GmbH(33)(39) Germany – –
drivetech Fahrversuch GmbH(33) Germany 100 –
ProIT(33) Romania 100 –
in-tech Automotive Engineering de R.L. de C.V(33)(20) Mexico 100 –
Friedrich Wagner Holding Inc.(33)(20) US 100 –
in-tech Automotive Engineering SL(33) Spain 100 –
in-tech Automotive Engineering LLC(33)(36) US – –
in-tech Services LLC(33)(36) US – –
in-tech Engineering s.r.o(33) Czech Republic 100 –
in-tech Engineering GmbH(33) Austria 100 –
in-tech Engineering services S.R.L(33) Romania 100 –
in-tech Group Ltd(33) UK 100 –
In-tech Automotive Engineering Shenyang Co. Ltd(33) China 100 –
in-tech Group India Private Ltd(33) India 100 –
In-tech Automotive Engineering Beijing Co., Ltd(33) China 100 –
Blitz 24-893 SE(34) Germany 100 –
Infosys Limited SPC(1)(40) Oman 100 –
Infosys BPM Netherlands B.V.(3)(41) The Netherlands 100 –
(1) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited
(2) Majority-owned and controlled subsidiary of Infosys Limited
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 281
(3) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys BPM Limited
(4) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Panaya Inc.
(5) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Brilliant Basics Holding Limited.
(6) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Consulting Holding AG
(7) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infy Consulting Company Limited
(8) Wholly-owned subsidiary of GuideVision s.r.o.
(9) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Nova Holdings LLC
(10) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Simplus ANZ Pty Ltd
(11) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Public Services, Inc.
(12) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd. (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd.)
(13) Majority owned and controlled subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd. (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd.)
(14) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Fluido Oy
(15) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Fluido UK, Ltd.
(16) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Stater N.V
(17) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Kaleidoscope Animations, Inc.
(18) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Germany GmbH (formerly Kristall 247. GmbH (“Kristall”))
(19) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Wongdoody Gmbh (formerly known as oddity GmbH)
(20) Under liquidation
(21) Wholly-owned subsidiary of BASE life science A/S
(22) Wholly-owned subsidiary of InSemi Technology Services Private Limited
(23) Liquidated effective July 14, 2023
(24) Incorporated on August 11, 2023
(25) On September 1, 2023, Infosys Limited acquired 100% of voting interests in IDUNN Information Technology Private Limited (formerly Danske IT and Support
Services India Private Limited (“Danske IT”))
(26) On September 29, 2023, oddity space GmbH, oddity waves GmbH, oddity jungle GmbH, oddity group services GmbH and oddity code GmbH merged into
WongDoody GmbH and oddity code d.o.o which was formerly a subsidiary of oddity code Gmbh has become a subsidiary of Wongdoody Gmbh (formerly
known as oddity GmbH).
(27) Kaleidoscope Prototyping LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kaleidoscope Animations is liquidated effective November 1, 2023.
(28) On November 24, 2023, Stater Participations B.V (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Stater N.V.) merged with Stater N.V. and Stater Belgium N.V./S.A which was
formerly a wholly owned subsidiary of Stater Participations B.V. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Stater N.V.
(29) On March 15, 2024, Infosys BPM Canada Inc., a Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys BPM Limited got dissolved.
(30) On May 10, 2024, Infosys Limited acquired 100% of voting interests in InSemi Technology Services Private Limited along with its subsidiary Elbrus Labs Private
Limited
(31) Incorporated on July 03, 2024
(32) Incorporated on July 26, 2024
(33) On July 17, 2024, Infosys Germany GmbH, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte. Limited, acquired 100% of voting interests in in-tech Holding
GmbH along with its subsidiary in-tech GmbH along with its six subsidiaries in-tech Automotive Engineering SL, ProIT, in-tech Automotive Engineering de R.L.
de C.V, drivetech Fahrversuch GmbH, Friedrich Wagner Holding Inc along with its two subsidiaries (in-tech Automotive Engineering LLC and in-tech Services
LLC) and Friedrich & Wagner Asia Pacific GmbH along with its five subsidiaries in-tech engineering s.r.o, in-tech engineering GmbH, in-tech engineering
services S.R.L, in-tech Group Ltd along with its subsidiary (in-tech Group India Private Limited) and In-tech Automotive Engineering Shenyang Co., Ltd along
with its subsidiary (In-tech Automotive Engineering Beijing Co., Ltd). Subsequently on September 01, 2024 in-tech Group India Private Limited became a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys limited.
(34) On October 17, 2024, Infosys Singapore Pte Ltd. acquired 100% of voting interests in Blitz 24-893 SE
(35) Liquidated effective November 14, 2024
(36) Liquidated effective November 30, 2024
(37) WongDoody Inc, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys limited merged into Infosys Nova Holdings LLC effective January 1, 2025.
(38) Kaleidoscope Animations, Blue Acorn iCi Inc and Outbox systems Inc. dba Simplus (US) merged into Infosys Nova Holdings LLC effective January 1, 2025.
(39) In-tech Holding GmbH and Friedrich and Wagner Asia Pacific GmbH merged into in-tech GmbH effective January 1, 2025.
(40) Incorporated on December 12, 2024
(41) Incorporated on March 20, 2025
Infosys has provided guarantee for performance of certain contracts entered into by its subsidiaries.
282 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
List of other related party
Particulars Country Nature of relationship
Infosys Limited Employees' Gratuity Fund Trust India Post-employment benefit plan of Infosys Limited
Infosys Limited Employees' Provident Fund Trust India Post-employment benefit plan of Infosys Limited
Infosys Limited Employees' Superannuation Fund Trust India Post-employment benefit plan of Infosys Limited
Infosys Employees Welfare Trust India Controlled trust
Infosys Employee Benefits Trust India Controlled trust
Infosys Science Foundation India Controlled trust
Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Trust India Controlled trust
Infosys Foundation India Trust jointly controlled by KMP
Refer to Note 2.21 for information on transactions with post employment benefit plans mentioned above.
List of key management personnel
Whole-time Directors
Salil Parekh , Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
Non-whole-time directors
Nandan M. Nilekani
D. Sundaram
Micheal Gibbs
Bobby Parikh
Chitra Nayak
Govind Iyer
Helene Auriol Potier (appointed as independent director effective May 26, 2023)
Nitin Paranjpe (appointed as an additional and independent director effective January 1, 2024)
Uri Levine (retired as independent director effective April 19, 2023)
Executive Officers
Inderpreet Sawhney, Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Officer
Jayesh Sanghrajka (appointed as Chief Financial Officer effective April 1, 2024)
Nilanjan Roy (resigned as Chief Financial Officer of the Company effective March 31, 2024)
Shaji Mathew, Chief Human Resources Officer
Mohit Joshi (resigned as President effective March 11, 2023 and was on leave till June 9, 2023 which was his last date with the Company)
Company Secretary
A. G. S. Manikantha
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 283
The details of amounts due to or due from related parties as at
Particulars As at March 31,
March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 are as follows:
2025 2024
(In ₹ crore) Infosys Consulting AG 3 6
Particulars As at March 31, Infosys Consulting Ltda – 1
2025 2024 Infy Consulting B.V. 1 3
Trade receivables Fluido Oy 7 1
BASE life science A/S 3 3 Infosys McCamish Systems LLC 111 68
BASE life science AG – 2 Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd – 1
Infosys China 1 2 Infosys Automotive and Mobility GmbH
& Co. KG 2,584 1,815
Infosys Mexico 2 3
Infosys Poland Sp. Z.o.o – 7
Infosys BPM Limited 13 15
Fluido Sweden AB 2 –
Infy Consulting Company Limited 8 12
Fluido Denmark A/S 3 2
Infosys Public Services 93 55
Infosys Fluido UK Ltd 1 –
Infosys Public Services Canada Inc. 2 10
Infosys Consulting S.R.L. (Romania) 3 3
Infosys Sweden 25 7
Infosys Consulting (Belgium) NV – 4
Fluido Oy 7 3
WongDoody, Inc – 6
Fluido Denmark A/S 4 –
Infosys Public Services 5 9
Simplus Australia Pty Ltd – 1
Simplus Philippines, Inc. 4 1
Infosys McCamish Systems LLC 6 45
Simplus Australia Pty Ltd 2 –
Panaya Ltd 1 2
Outbox systems Inc. dba Simplus (US) – 2
Infosys Compaz Pte Ltd 27 55
Infosys Luxembourg S.a.r.l 1 2
Stater Nederland B.V. 8 1
Infosys Business Solutions LLC 2 2
Infosys Luxembourg S.a.r.l 27 25
Infosys Compaz PTE Ltd – 1
Infosys Chile SPA 1 4
Kaleidoscope Animations, Inc. – 2
Infosys South Africa (Pty) Ltd 2 –
Portland Group Pty Ltd – 2
HIPUS Co., Ltd 1 1
GuideVision, s.r.o. 2 2
Infosys Turkey Bilgi Teknolojikeri Limited
Sirketi – 3 Infosys (Czech Republic) Limited s.r.o. – 1
Infosys Middle East FZ LLC 9 10 Danske IT 1 4
Infosys Nova Holdings LLC 10 – WongDoody GmbH (formerly known as
oddity GmbH ) 14 1
250 259
Blue Acorn iCi Inc – 2
Loans
Infosys Turkey Bilgi Teknolojikeri Limited
Insemi Technology Service 10 –
Sirketi 2 2
10 –
Infosys Austria GMBH – 2
Prepaid expense and other assets
Infosys Consulting S.R.L. (Argentina) 3 1
Panaya Ltd 127 151
BASE life science SL 2 –
GuideVision, s.r.o. 1 1
BASE life science A/S 3 1
EdgeVerve Systems Limited 23 –
Infosys Public Services Canada Inc. – 1
Infosys Green Forum – 3
Infosys Norway 2 1
151 155
Infosys Sweden 1 –
Other financial assets
Infosys Middle East FZ LLC – 1
Infosys BPM Limited 16 19
HIPUS Co., Ltd 2 1
Infosys Consulting GmbH 3 5
EdgeVerve Systems Limited 2 –
Infosys China 23 31
Fluido Norway AS 1 –
Infosys Shanghai – 6
GuideVision Magyarország Kft. 2 –
Infy Consulting Company Limited 23 31
Infosys Nova Holdings LLC 28 –
Infosys Management Consulting Pty Ltd 2 2
Infosys Services Thailand 1 –
284 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Particulars As at March 31, Particulars As at March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Infosys South Africa (Pty) Ltd 1 – Infosys South Africa (Pty) Ltd 6 4
2,863 2,052 Infosys Norway 6 6
Unbilled revenues Infosys McCamish Systems LLC – 1
EdgeVerve Systems Limited 113 101 Infosys Limited Bulgaria EOOD 6 6
Infosys Consulting S.R.L.(Romania) 1 1 WongDoody Limited(Taipei) – 1
Infosys McCamish Systems LLC 45 45 Infosys Consulting Ltda 9 17
Infosys Poland sp. z o o 1 1 BASE life science A/S 4 1
Stater Nederland B.V. 5 5 Infosys Nova Holdings LLC 40 –
165 153 900 778
Trade payables Other financial liabilities
Infosys China 19 17 Infosys BPM Limited 47 44
Infosys BPM Limited 136 135 Infosys Mexico 2 2
Infosys (Czech Republic) Limited s.r.o. 15 33 Infosys China – 7
Infosys Mexico 25 54 Infosys Shanghai – 5
Infosys Sweden 53 98 Infosys Norway 1 1
Infosys Shanghai 13 14 Outbox systems Inc. dba Simplus (US) – 27
Infosys Management Consulting Pty Ltd 20 29 GuideVision, s.r.o. 11 5
Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd 16 15 Simplus Australia Pty Ltd 5 9
Infy Consulting Company Limited 370 165 Simplus Philippines, Inc. 2 4
Infosys (Malaysia) SDN. BHD. (formerly GuideVision Polska SP. Z O.O. 1 1
Global Enterprise International (Malaysia)
Kaleidoscope Animations, Inc. – 46
Sdn. Bhd.) 12 13
Infosys Public Services 10 5
Panaya Ltd 5 5
GuideVision Magyarország Kft. 1 1
Infosys Public Services 1 1
Infosys Consulting Ltda 2 1
Portland Group Pty Ltd 2 3
Infosys Consulting AG 1 2
Infosys Chile SpA 2 3
Infosys Automotive and Mobility GmbH
Infosys Compaz Pte Ltd 4 2
& Co. KG 320 162
Infosys Middle East FZ LLC 3 3
Danske IT 16 16
Infosys Poland Sp. Z.o.o 42 34
Infy Consulting Company Limited 15 14
Infosys Luxembourg S.a.r.l 8 –
Infosys South Africa (Pty) Ltd 5 1
Infosys Consulting S.R.L. (Romania) 44 25
Infosys Sweden 5 4
Fluido Oy 5 6
Infosys Compaz PTE Ltd 6 1
Fluido Sweden AB 3 5
Infosys McCamish Systems LLC 7 2
EdgeVerve Systems Limited 13 2
Infosys Green Forum 2 5
WongDoody, Inc – 63
Infosys Consulting (Belgium) NV – 4
Fluido Denmark A/S 1 1
Blue Acorn iCi Inc – 35
Infosys Fluido UK Ltd 6 5
GuideVision Deutschland GmbH 1 –
BASE life science AG 1 1
Infosys Middle East FZ LLC – 1
BASE life science GmbH 1 1
BASE life science A/S 2 –
BASE life science Ltd. 2 2
Infosys Consulting GmbH 1 –
Wongdoody D.O.O 1 1
Infosys Luxembourg S.a.r.l 6 –
WongDoody GmbH (formerly known as
Infosys Nova Holdings LLC 200 –
oddity GmbH ) 2 2
669 405
BASE life science SL 2 1
Accrued expenses
BASE life science Inc. 1 –
BASE life science A/S 1 –
Infosys Business Solutions LLC 1 3
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 285
Particulars As at March 31, Year ended March 31,
Particulars
2025 2024 2025 2024
EdgeVerve Systems Limited 13 – Revenue transactions:
Infosys BPM Limited 29 29 Purchase of services
BASE life science Ltd 1 – Infosys China 214 198
Infosys Germany Holding GmbH 7 – Infosys Management Consulting Pty Ltd 385 297
Infosys Nova Holdings LLC 4 – Infy Consulting Company Limited 2,075 1,914
In-tech group Ltd. 1 – Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd 181 173
Portland Group Pty Ltd 17 33
56 29
Infosys (Czech Republic) Limited s.r.o. 209 360
(In ₹ crore) Infosys BPM Limited 2,216 2,162
Particulars Maximum amount Infosys Sweden 160 99
outstanding during the Infosys Shanghai 151 179
Year ended March 31,
Infosys Mexico 299 304
2025 2024
Infosys Public Services 8 6
Loans and advances in the nature of Panaya Ltd 147 152
loans given to subsidiaries
Infosys Poland Sp. Z.o.o 350 287
Insemi Technology Service 10 –
Infosys Consulting S.R.L. (Romania) 268 278
Infosys Turkey Bilgi Teknolojileri
Infosys Compaz Pte Ltd 17 19
Limited Sirketi – 57
Infosys Consulting Ltda 139 173
The details of the related parties transactions entered into by the BASE life science A/S 26 12
Company for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 are
Kaleidoscope Animations, Inc. 233 151
as follows:
Infosys Chile SpA 28 40
(In ₹ crore)
Infosys Middle East FZ LLC 43 50
Year ended March 31,
Particulars Fluido Oy 68 70
2025 2024
Fluido Sweden AB 44 55
Capital transactions:
Fluido Denmark A/S 10 14
Financing transactions
Infosys McCamish Systems LLC 9 9
Equity
GuideVision, s.r.o. 88 93
Infosys Singapore Pte Ltd. 4,317 –
GuideVision Polska SP. Z O.O. 12 9
Infosys Turkey Bilgi Teknolojileri Limited
Simplus Australia Pty Ltd 86 109
Sirketi 31 41
Simplus Philippines, Inc. 31 44
Insemi Technology Service 198 –
Outbox systems Inc. dba Simplus (US) 148 372
in-tech 15 –
Infosys Fluido UK Ltd 65 57
Infosys America Inc. – (1)
Blue Acorn iCi Inc 321 461
Skava Systems – (59)
GuideVision Deutschland GmbH 7 5
Infosys Luxembourg S.a.r.l – 9
GuideVision Suomi Oy 2 5
Danske IT – 82
GuideVision Magyarország Kft. 9 12
Infosys Services (Thailand) Limited 13 –
Infosys Limited Bulgaria EOOD 74 65
4,574 72
WongDoody, Inc 509 765
Loans given
Infosys Luxembourg S.a.r.l 13 3
Insemi Technology Service 10 –
Infosys (Malaysia) SDN. BHD. (formerly
10 – Global Enterprise International (Malaysia)
Loans repaid Sdn. Bhd.) 151 165
Infosys Turkey Bilgi Teknolojileri Limited oddity space GmbH – 2
Sirketi – 4 Wongdoody D.O.O 6 6
– 4 oddity jungle GmbH – 1
oddity Limited(Taipei) 2 4
Fluido Norway A/S 3 2
286 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
Particulars Particulars
2025 2024 2025 2024
Infosys Consulting S.R.L. (Argentina) 1 2 Interest income
Infosys South Africa (Pty) Ltd 45 29 Infosys Turkey Bilgi Teknolojileri Limited
Sirketi – 2
Infosys Business Solutions LLC 4 3
Insemi Technology Service 1 –
WongDoody GmbH (formerly known as
oddity GmbH) 11 6 1 2
oddity code GmbH – 1 Guarantee income
BASE life science AG 15 17 Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd 1 1
BASE life science S.r.l. 2 – 1 1
BASE life science Inc. 10 – Dividend income
BASE life science Ltd. 12 2 EdgeVerve Systems Limited 525 1,089
BASE life science GmbH 5 1 Infosys Consulting Holding AG 148 –
BASE life science SL 12 1 Infosys BPM Limited 849 1,887
Infosys Norway 37 15 1,522 2,976
Danske IT – 16 Sale of services
Insemi Technology Service 7 – Infosys China 16 13
EdgeVerve Systems Limited 93 19 Infosys Mexico 23 30
Infosys Germany Holding GmbH 7 – Infy Consulting Company Limited 56 74
Infosys Nova Holdings LLC 436 – Infosys BPM Limited 147 112
In-tech group Ltd. 1 – Fluido Oy 4 2
9,522 9,327 Fluido Denmark A/S 4 –
Purchase of shared services including Infosys Luxembourg S.a.r.l 163 146
facilities and personnel
Infosys Middle East FZ LLC 26 26
Infosys BPM Limited 9 7
Infosys McCamish Systems LLC 90 401
WongDoody, Inc 6 11
Infosys Sweden 92 91
Infosys McCamish Systems LLC 1 –
Infosys Shanghai 2 1
WongDoody limited Taipei – 1
EdgeVerve Systems Limited 1,001 961
Infosys Green Forum 42 36
Infosys Public Services 659 696
Kaleidoscope Animations, Inc. 1 –
Infosys Compaz Pte Ltd 160 176
Infosys (Czech Republic) Limited s.r.o. – 4
Infosys Consulting Ltda – 1
Infosys Mexico 1 4
Simplus Australia Pty Ltd 2 5
Outbox systems Inc. dba Simplus (US) 2 7
Infosys Chile SpA 7 9
Infosys Consulting AG 2 2
Infosys Automotive and Mobility GmbH
Infosys Automotive and Mobility GmbH & Co. KG – 1
& Co.KG 150 6
Blue Acorn iCi Inc 2 2
Portland Group Pty Ltd – 1
Kaleidoscope Animations, Inc. 1 –
WongDoody GmbH (formerly known as
Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd. – 1
oddity GmbH) 9 2
BASE life science A/S 14 8
oddity Jungle GmbH – 1
BASE life science GmbH 1 –
Infosys Nova Holdings LLC 2 –
Infosys Poland Sp. Z.o.o – –
Infosys Technologies (Sweden) AB. 1 –
Infosys Business Solutions LLC – 1
Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd. 9 –
Infosys South Africa (Pty) Ltd 2 1
GuideVision, s.r.o. 1 –
HIPUS Co., Ltd – 1
WongDoody Code d.o.o 1 –
BASE life science AG 4 4
BASE life science A/S 3 –
Infosys Public Services Canada Inc. 32 46
240 82
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 287
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
Particulars Particulars
2025 2024 2025 2024
Stater N.V. 3 – Infosys Management Consulting Pty Ltd 1 2
Stater Nederland B.V. 69 74 Infosys Sweden 2 1
2,580 2,883 Infosys Mexico 1 2
Sale of shared services including facilities Infosys (Czech Republic) Limited s.r.o. – 2
and personnel
Infosys Compaz PTE Ltd – 1
EdgeVerve Systems Limited 47 25 Infosys Consulting Ltda 1 3
Panaya Ltd 10 8 BASE life science A/S 3 –
GuideVision, s.r.o. 5 – BASE life science Ltd 1 –
Infy Consulting Company Limited 20 17 BASE life sciences SL. 1 –
Infosys Public Services, Inc. 8 2 Infosys Austria GMBH – 1
Infosys Public Services Canada Inc. – 1 Infosys Consulting S.R.L. (Romania) 1 3
Infosys McCamish System LLC 5 27 Infosys Turkey Bilgi Teknolojikeri Limited
Infosys China 1 12 Sirketi – 2
Infosys Luxembourg S.a.r.l 4 4 Fluido Sweden AB 1 –
Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd 9 – Simplus Australia Pty Ltd 1 –
Infosys Shanghai 2 1 Simplus Philippines, Inc. 4 –
Portland Group Pty. Limited – 2 Infosys Nova Holdings LLC 3 –
Infosys Poland Sp. z.o.o. 2 4 GuideVision Magyarország Kft. 2 –
WongDoody, Inc. 7 2 1,070 1,129
Wongdoody GmbH 11 1 Any other transaction
Fluido Oy 5 1 Infosys Foundation 390 369
Fluido Denmark A/S 1 – 390 369
Infosys Fluido UK, Ltd 1 –
(1) Includes amounts netted off against respective expenses
Outbox systems Inc. dba Simplus (US) 3 1 (2) Includes sale of fixed assets of ₹4 crore and ₹6 crore for the year ending
Infosys BPO Americas LLC – 1 March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively
Infosys Consulting AG 2 2 Refer to Note 2.5.1 for business transfer with
Infy Consulting B.V. 2 3 wholly-owned subsidiaries
Infosys Consulting SAS 2 1 The Company’s related party transactions during the year ended
Infosys Consulting GmbH 1 2 March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 and outstanding balances as
at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 are with its subsidiaries with
HIPUS Co. Limited – 1
whom the Company generally enters into transactions which are
Kaleidoscope Animations, Inc 7 1
at arms length and in the ordinary course of business.
Blue Acorn iCi Inc. 6 1
Infosys Automotive and Mobility GmbH
& Co.KG(1) 739 880
Infosys Green Forum 5 5
Infosys BPM Limited(2) 143 107
288 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Transactions with key management personnel
The table below describes the compensation to key management personnel which comprise directors and executive officers:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Year ended March 31,
2025 2024
Salaries and other short term employee benefits to whole-time directors and executive officers(1)(2) 118 113
Commission and other benefits to non-executive / independent directors 19 17
Total 137 130
(1) Total employee stock compensation expense towards key management personnel for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, includes a charge of
₹70 crore and ₹68 crore, respectively
(2) Does not include post-employment benefits and other long-term benefits based on actuarial valuation as these are done for the Company as a whole.
2.25 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
As per Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013, a company, meeting the applicability threshold, needs to spend at least 2% of its average net
profit for the immediately preceding three financial years on corporate social responsibility (CSR) activities. The areas for CSR activities are
promoting education, promoting gender equality by empowering women, healthcare, environment sustainability, art and culture, destitute care
and rehabilitation, disaster relief, COVID-19 relief and rural development projects. A CSR committee has been formed by the Company as per the
Act. The details of funds primarily utilized through the year on these activities which are specified in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013 are
as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars As at March 31,
2025 2024
i) Amount required to be spent by the Company during the year 540 492
ii) Amount of expenditure incurred 524 453
iii) Shortfall at the end of the year* 16 39
iv) Total of previous years shortfall – 7
v) Reason for shortfall Pertains to ongoing projects Pertains to ongoing projects
vi) Nature of CSR activities Promoting education, promoting gender equality by
empowering women, healthcare, , environment sustainability,
art and culture, destitute care and rehabilitation, disaster relief,
COVID-19 relief and rural development projects
vii) Details of related party transactions, e.g. contribution to a trust
controlled by the Company in relation to CSR expenditure as per
relevant Accounting Standard 390 369
viii) Where a provision is made with respect to a liability incurred by
entering into a contractual obligation, the movements in the provision
during the year shall be shown separately NA NA
* The unspent amount will be transferred to unspent CSR account within 30 days from the end of the financial year, in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013
read with the CSR Amendment Rules.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 289
2.26 Segment reporting
The Company publishes this financial statement along with the consolidated financial statements. In accordance with Ind AS 108,
Operating Segments, the Company has disclosed the segment information in the consolidated financial statements.
2.27 Ratios
The ratios for the years ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 are as follows:
Particulars Numerator Denominator March 31, Variance (in %)
2025 2024
Current ratio Current assets Current liabilities 2.4 2.6 (7.3)#
Debt – equity ratio Total debt (represents Shareholder’s equity
lease liabilities)(1) 0.0 0.0 (0.7)
Debt service coverage Earnings available for Debt service(3)
ratio debt service(2) 33.9 36.4 (6.9)
Return on Equity (RoE) Net profits after taxes Average shareholder’s
equity 30.3% 36.6% (6.2)
Trade receivables Revenue Average trade
turnover ratio receivable 5.3 5.6 (5.7)
Trade payables Purchases of services Average trade
turnover ratio and other expenses payables 13.5 12.7 5.9
Net capital turnover Revenue Working capital
ratio 3.0 2.9 2.3*
Net profit ratio Net profit Revenue 18.7% 21.1% (2.4)
Return on Capital Earning before Capital employed(4)
Employed (RoCE) interest and taxes 38.9% 42.0% (3.1)
Return on Investment
(RoI)
Unquoted Income generated Time weighted
from investments average investments 9.7% 8.5% 1.2
Quoted Income generated Time weighted
from investments average investments 8.2% 7.2% 1.0
(1) Debt represents only lease liabilities
(2) Net profit after taxes + non-cash operating expenses + interest + other adjustments like loss on sale of fixed assets etc.
(3) Lease payments for the current year
(4) Tangible net worth + deferred tax liabilities + lease liabilities
* Working capital increase higher than the increase in revenue.
# Current ratio has decreased due to increase in current assets higher than decrease in current liabilities.
290 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
2.28 Function-wise classification of Statement of Profit and Loss
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Note Year ended March 31,
2025 2024
Revenue from operations 2.18 1,36,592 1,28,933
Cost of sales 94,111 89,032
Gross profit 42,481 39,901
Operating expenses
Selling and marketing expenses 6,282 5,668
General and administration expenses 5,319 5,420
Total operating expenses 11,601 11,088
Operating profit 30,880 28,813
Interest expense 221 277
Other income, net 2.19 4,782 7,417
Profit before tax 35,441 35,953
Tax expense:
Current tax 2.17 10,836 7,306
Deferred tax 2.17 (963) 1,413
Profit for the year 25,568 27,234
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability / asset, net (81) 128
Equity instruments through other comprehensive income, net 2.5 and 2.17 19 19
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Fair value changes on derivatives designated as cash flow hedge, net 2.11 and 2.17 (24) 11
Fair value changes on investments, net 2.5 191 129
Total other comprehensive income / (loss), net of tax 105 287
Total comprehensive income for the year 25,673 27,521
for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Infosys Limited
Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh Bobby Parikh
Chairman Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
DIN: 00041245 Director DIN: 00019437
DIN: 01876159
Bengaluru Jayesh Sanghrajka A.G.S. Manikantha
April 17, 2025 Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Membership No. A21918
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 291
Consolidated Financial Statements under Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) for the
year ended March 31, 2025
Index
A Independent Auditor’s Report 293
B Consolidated Balance Sheet 302
C Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss 304
D Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 306
E Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 311
F Overview and notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 313
1. Overview 313
1.1 Company overview 313
1.2 Basis of preparation of financial statements 313
1.3 Basis of consolidation 313
1.4 Use of estimates and judgments 313
1.5 Critical accounting estimates and judgments 313
2. Notes to the Consolidated financial statements 314
2.1 Business combinations 314
2.2 Property, plant and equipment 316
2.3 Capital work-in-progress 319
2.4 Goodwill and other intangible assets 319
2.5 Investments 322
2.6 Loans 325
2.7 Other financial assets 325
2.8 Trade receivables 325
2.9 Cash and cash equivalents 326
2.10 Other assets 326
2.11 Financial instruments 327
2.12 Equity 336
2.13 Other financial liabilities 342
2.14 Trade payables 343
2.15 Other liabilities 343
2.16 Provisions 344
2.17 Income taxes 344
2.18 Revenue from operations 348
2.19 Other income, net 350
2.20 Expenses 352
2.21 Leases 352
2.22 Employee benefits 354
2.23 Earnings per equity share 359
2.24 Contingent liabilities and commitments 360
2.25 Related party transactions 361
2.26 Segment reporting 372
2.27 Function-wise classification of Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss 374
292 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Independent Auditor’s Report
To The Members of Infosys Limited
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of INFOSYS LIMITED (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(the Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as the “Group”) which comprise the Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March
31, 2025, and the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), the Consolidated Statement of
Changes in Equity and the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended on that date, and notes to the financial statements,
including a summary of material accounting policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as the “Consolidated
Financial Statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid Consolidated Financial
Statements, give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair
view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the Act, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting
principles generally accepted in India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the Group as at March 31, 2025 and their consolidated
profit, their consolidated total comprehensive income, their consolidated changes in equity and their consolidated cash flows for the
year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (“SAs”) specified under
section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit
of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of
the Consolidated Financial Statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence obtained
by us is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have
determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 293
Sr. No. Key Audit Matter
1 Revenue recognition
The Group’s contracts with customers include contracts with products and services. The group derives revenues from IT
services comprising software development and related services, maintenance, consulting and package implementation,
licensing of software products and platforms across the Group’s core and digital offerings and business process management
services. The Group assesses the services promised in a contract and identifies distinct performance obligations in the
contract. Identification of distinct performance obligations to determine the deliverables and the ability of the customer to
benefit independently from such deliverables involves significant judgement.
In certain integrated services arrangements, contracts with customers include subcontractor services or third-party vendor
equipment or software. In these types of arrangements, revenue from sales of third-party vendor products or services is
recorded net of costs when the Group is acting as an agent between the customer and the vendor, and gross when the Group
is the principal for the transaction. In doing so, the Group first evaluates whether it obtains control of the specified goods
or services before it is transferred to the customer. The Group considers whether it is primarily responsible for fulfilling the
promise to provide the specified goods or services, inventory risk, pricing discretion and other factors to determine whether
it controls the products or service and therefore, is acting as a principal or an agent.
Fixed price maintenance revenue is recognized ratably either on (1) a straight-line basis when services are performed through
an indefinite number of repetitive acts over a specified period or (2) using a percentage of completion method when the
pattern of benefits from the services rendered to the customer and the Group’s costs to fulfil the contract is not even through
the period of contract because the services are generally discrete in nature and not repetitive. The use of method to recognize
the maintenance revenues requires judgment and is based on the promises in the contract and nature of the deliverables.
As certain contracts with customers involve management’s judgment in (1) identifying distinct performance obligations,
(2) determining whether the Group is acting as a principal or an agent and (3) whether fixed price maintenance revenue
is recognized on a straight-line basis or using the percentage of completion method, revenue recognition from these
judgments were identified as a key audit matter and required a higher extent of audit effort.
Refer Notes 1.5 and 2.18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Auditor’s Response
Principal Audit Procedures Performed included the following:
Our audit procedures related to the (1) identification of distinct performance obligations, (2) determination of whether the
Group is acting as a principal or agent and (3) whether fixed price maintenance revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis
or using the percentage of completion method included the following, among others:
• We tested the effectiveness of controls relating to the (a) identification of distinct performance obligations, (b)
determination of whether the Group is acting as a principal or an agent and (c) determination of whether fixed price
maintenance revenue for certain contracts is recognized on a straight-line basis or using the percentage of completion
method.
• We selected a sample of contracts with customers and performed the following procedures: obligations, (2)
determination of whether the Group is acting as a principal or agent and (3) whether fixed price maintenance revenue is
recognized on a straight-line basis or using the percentage of completion method included the following, among others:
– Obtained and read contract documents for each selection, including master service agreements, and other documents
that were part of the agreement.
– Identified significant terms and deliverables in the contract to assess management’s conclusions regarding the (i)
identification of distinct performance obligations (ii) whether the Group is acting as a principal or an agent and (iii)
whether fixed price maintenance revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis or using the percentage of completion
method
294 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Sr. No. Key Audit Matter
2 Revenue recognition - Fixed price contracts using the percentage of completion method
Fixed price maintenance revenue is recognized ratably either (1) on a straight-line basis when services are performed through
an indefinite number of repetitive acts over a specified period or (2) using a percentage of completion method when the
pattern of benefits from services rendered to the customer and the Group’s costs to fulfil the contract is not even through the
period of contract because the services are generally discrete in nature and not repetitive. Revenue from other fixed-price,
fixed-timeframe contracts, where the performance obligations are satisfied over time is recognized using the percentage-
of-completion method.
Use of the percentage-of-completion method requires the Group to determine the actual efforts or costs expended to date
as a proportion of the estimated total efforts or costs to be incurred. Efforts or costs expended have been used to measure
progress towards completion as there is a direct relationship between input and productivity. The estimation of total efforts
or costs involves significant judgement and is assessed throughout the period of the contract to reflect any changes based on
the latest available information. Provisions for estimated losses, if any, on uncompleted contracts are recorded in the period in
which such losses become probable based on the estimated efforts or costs to complete the contract.
We identified the estimate of total efforts or costs to complete fixed price contracts measured using the percentage of
completion method as a key audit matter as the estimation of total efforts or costs involves significant judgement and
is assessed throughout the period of the contract to reflect any changes based on the latest available information. This
estimate has a high inherent uncertainty and requires consideration of progress of the contract, efforts or costs incurred
to-date and estimates of efforts or costs required to complete the remaining contract performance obligations over the
term of the contracts.
This required a high degree of auditor judgment in evaluating the audit evidence and a higher extent of audit effort to
evaluate the reasonableness of the total estimated amount of revenue recognized on fixed-price contracts.
Refer Notes 1.5 and 2.18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Auditor’s Response
Principal Audit Procedures Performed included the following:
Our audit procedures related to estimates of total expected costs or efforts to complete for fixed-price contracts included the
following, among others:
• We tested the effectiveness of controls relating to (1) recording of efforts or costs incurred and estimation of efforts
or costs required to complete the remaining contract performance obligations and (2) access and application controls
pertaining to time recording, allocation and budgeting systems which prevents unauthorised changes to recording of
efforts incurred.
• We selected a sample of fixed price contracts with customers measured the using percentage-of-completion method and
performed the following:
– Evaluated management’s ability to reasonably estimate the progress towards satisfying the performance obligation
by comparing actual efforts or costs incurred to prior year estimates of efforts or costs budgeted for performance
obligations that have been fulfilled.
– Compared efforts or costs incurred with Group’s estimate of efforts or costs incurred to date to identify significant
variations and evaluate whether those variations have been considered appropriately in estimating the remaining costs
or efforts to complete the contract.
– Tested the estimate for consistency with the status of delivery of milestones and customer acceptances and sign off
from customers to identify possible delays in achieving milestones, which require changes in estimated costs or efforts
to complete the remaining performance obligations.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 295
Information Other than the Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, Board’s Report including Annexures to Board’s Report, Business
Responsibility and Sustainability Report, Corporate Governance and Shareholder’s Information, but does not include the Consolidated
Financial Statements, standalone financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the other information, consider
whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Consolidated Financial Statements or our knowledge obtained during
the course of our audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to
report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of Management and Board of Directors for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation and
presentation of these Consolidated Financial Statements that give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position, consolidated
financial performance including other comprehensive income, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group
in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including Ind AS specified under section 133 of the Act. The
respective Boards of Directors/Trustees of the entities included in the Group are responsible for maintenance of adequate accounting
records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Group and for preventing and detecting frauds
and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are
reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the
financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which have
been used for the purpose of preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements by the Directors of the Company, as aforesaid.
In preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, the respective Boards of Directors/Trustees of the entities included in the Group are
responsible for assessing the ability of the respective entities to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to
going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the respective Boards of Directors either intends to liquidate their
respective entities or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
The respective Boards of Directors/Trustees of the entities included in the Group are also responsible for overseeing the financial
reporting process of the Group.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Consolidated Financial Statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these Consolidated
Financial Statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated Financial Statements, whether due to fraud or error, design
and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal financial control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the Company
and its subsidiary companies which are companies incorporated in India, has adequate internal financial controls with reference to
Consolidated Financial Statements in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures
made by the management.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the ability of the
Group to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the Consolidated Financial Statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify
296 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events
or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Consolidated Financial Statements, including the disclosures, and
whether the Consolidated Financial Statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
presentation.
• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities within the Group to express an
opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the Consolidated Financial Statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes it
probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the Consolidated Financial Statements may be influenced.
We consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of our
work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the Consolidated Financial Statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance of the Company and such other entities included in the Consolidated Financial
Statements of which we are the independent auditors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal financial controls that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters
in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances,
we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably
be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit we report that:
a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were
necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid Consolidated Financial Statements.
b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid Consolidated
Financial Statements have been kept by the Group, including relevant records so far as it appears from our
examination of those books.
c) The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss including Other Comprehensive Income,
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows dealt with by this Report
are in agreement with the relevant books of account maintained for the purpose of preparation of the Consolidated
Financial Statements.
d) In our opinion, the aforesaid Consolidated Financial Statements comply with the Ind AS specified under
section 133 of the Act.
e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Company as on March 31, 2025 taken on record
by the Board of Directors of the Company and the reports of the statutory auditors of its subsidiary companies incorporated
in India, none of the directors of the Group companies incorporated in India is disqualified as on March 31, 2025 from being
appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act.
f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements and
the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure A” which is based on the auditors’
reports of the Company and its subsidiary companies incorporated in India. Our report expresses an unmodified opinion
on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial
statements of those companies.
g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the requirements of section
197(16) of the Act, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations
given to us, the remuneration paid by the Company to its directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions of
section 197 of the Act.
h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the
explanations given to us:
i) The Consolidated Financial Statements disclose the impact of pending litigations on the consolidated financial position
of the Group. Refer Note 2.24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 297
ii) The Group has made provision as required under applicable law or accounting standards for material foreseeable
losses. Refer Note 2.16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The Group did not have any long-term
derivative contracts.
iii) There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and Protection
Fund by the Company and its subsidiary companies incorporated in India.
iv) (a) The respective Managements of the Company and its subsidiaries which are companies incorporated in India,
whose financial statements have been audited under the Act, have represented to us that, to the best of their
knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced
or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the
Company or any of such subsidiaries to or in any other person or entity, outside the Group, including foreign entity
(“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall,
directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf
of the Company or any of such subsidiaries (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like
on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries
(b) The respective Managements of the Company and its subsidiaries which are companies incorporated in India,
whose financial statements have been audited under the Act, have represented to us that, to the best of their
knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been received by
the Company or any of such subsidiaries from any person or entity, including foreign entity (“Funding Parties”),
with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company or any of such subsidiaries
shall, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on
behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the
Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(c) Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances
performed by us on the Company and its subsidiaries which are companies incorporated in India whose financial
statements have been audited under the Act, nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that
the representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and (b) above, contain any
material misstatement.
v) As stated in Note 2.12.3 to the consolidated financial statements
a. The final dividend proposed in the previous year, declared and paid by the Company during the year is in
accordance with Section 123 of the Act, as applicable.
b. The interim dividend declared and paid by the Company during the year and until the date of this report is in
compliance with Section 123 of the Act.
c. The Board of Directors of the Company have proposed final dividend for the year which is subject to the
approval of the members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. The amount of dividend proposed is in
accordance with section 123 of the Act, as applicable.
298 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
vi) Based on our examination which included test checks, performed by us on the Company and its subsidiaries
incorporated in India, except for the instances mentioned below, have used accounting software systems for
maintaining their respective books of account for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 which have the feature
of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions
recorded in the software systems. Further, during the course of audit, we have not come across any instance of the audit
trail feature being tampered with. Additionally, the audit trail has been preserved by the Parent Company and above
referred subsidiary companies incorporated in India as per the statutory requirements for record retention.
The financial statements of five subsidiaries that are not material to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the
Group, have not been audited under the provisions of the Act as of the date of this report. Therefore, we are unable to
comment on the reporting requirement under Rule 11 (g) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 in respect
of these five subsidiaries.
2. With respect to the matters specified in paragraphs 3(xxi) and 4 of the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (the “Order”/
“CARO”) issued by the Central Government in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, to be included in the Auditor’s report, according
to the information and explanations given to us, and based on the Auditor’s Reports on the financial statements of Company and
its subsidiaries as at and for the year ended March 31, 2025, included in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group, we
report in respect of those companies where audits have been completed under section 143 of the Act, we have not reported any
qualifications or adverse remarks. In respect of the following company included in the consolidated financial statements of the
Company, whose audit under section 143 of the Act has not yet been completed, the CARO report as applicable in respect of this
subsidiary is not available.
Name of the Company CIN Relationship
Idunn Information Technology Private Limited (formerly known U74900KA2012PTC063260 Subsidiary
as Danske IT and Support Services India Private Limited)
InSemi Technology Services Private Limited U72200KA2013PTC069109 Subsidiary
Elbrus Labs Private Limited U72200DL2018PTC339939 Subsidiary
in-tech Group India Private Limited U72900KL2022FTC076055 Subsidiary
For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm's Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)
Vikas Bagaria
Partner
Place: Bengaluru (Membership No.060408)
Date: April 17, 2025 UDIN: 25060408BMOCIT9174
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 299
Annexure “A” To The Independent Auditor’s Report
(Referred to in paragraph 1(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report to the Members of
Infosys Limited of even date)
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements under Clause (i) of
sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”)
In conjunction with our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company as of and for the year ended March 31, 2025,
we have audited the internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements of INFOSYS LIMITED (hereinafter
referred to as the “Company”) and its subsidiary companies, which are companies incorporated in India, as of that date.
Management’s and Board of Directors’ Responsibilities for Internal Financial Control
The respective Company’s management and Boards of Directors of the Company and its subsidiary companies, which are companies
incorporated in India, are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control over
financial reporting criteria established by the respective Companies considering the essential components of internal control stated in
the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of
India (the “ICAI”). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls
that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to the respective
company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of
the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Act.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements of the
Company and its subsidiary companies, which are companies incorporated in India, based on our audit. We conducted our audit in
accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by the
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) and the Standards on Auditing, prescribed under Section 143(10) of the Act, to the
extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements. Those Standards and the
Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements was established and maintained and if
such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference
to Consolidated Financial Statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls with reference to
Consolidated Financial Statements included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated
Financial Statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the
internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and its subsidiary companies, which are
companies incorporated in India.
300 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements
A company's internal financial control with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial control with reference to Consolidated Financial
Statements includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors
of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or
disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements, including the
possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not
be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements to
future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the Company and its subsidiary
companies, which are companies incorporated in India, have, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system with
reference to Consolidated Financial Statements and such internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements
were operating effectively as at March 31, 2025, based on the criteria for internal financial control with reference to Consolidated
Financial Statements established by the respective companies considering the essential components of internal control stated in the
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the ICAI.
For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)
Vikas Bagaria
Partner
Place: Bengaluru (Membership No.060408)
Date: April 17, 2025 UDIN: 25060408BMOCIT9174
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 301
Consolidated Balance Sheet
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Note As at March 31,
2025 2024
Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 2.2 11,778 12,370
Right-of-use assets 2.21 6,311 6,552
Capital work-in-progress 2.3 814 293
Goodwill 2.4.1 and 2.1 10,106 7,303
Other intangible assets 2.4.2 2,766 1,397
Financial assets
Investments 2.5 11,059 11,708
Loans 2.6 16 34
Other financial assets 2.7 3,511 3,105
Deferred tax assets (net) 2.17 1,108 454
Income tax assets (net) 2.17 1,622 3,045
Other non-current assets 2.10 2,713 2,121
Total non-current assets 51,804 48,382
Current assets
Financial assets
Investments 2.5 12,482 12,915
Trade receivables 2.8 31,158 30,193
Cash and cash equivalents 2.9 24,455 14,786
Loans 2.6 249 248
Other financial assets 2.7 13,840 12,085
Income tax assets (net) 2.17 2,975 6,397
Other current assets 2.10 11,940 12,808
Total current assets 97,099 89,432
Total assets 1,48,903 1,37,814
302 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Consolidated Balance Sheet (contd.)
Particulars Note As at March 31,
2025 2024
Equity and liabilities
Equity
Equity share capital 2.12 2,073 2,071
Other equity 93,745 86,045
Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company 95,818 88,116
Non-controlling interests 385 345
Total equity 96,203 88,461
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Financial liabilities
Lease liabilities 2.21 5,772 6,400
Other financial liabilities 2.13 2,141 2,130
Deferred tax liabilities (net) 2.17 1,722 1,794
Other non-current liabilities 2.15 215 235
Total non-current liabilities 9,850 10,559
Current liabilities
Financial liabilities
Lease liabilities 2.21 2,455 1,959
Trade payables 2.14 4,164 3,956
Other financial liabilities 2.13 18,138 16,959
Other current liabilities 2.15 11,765 10,539
Provisions 2.16 1,475 1,796
Income tax liabilities (net) 2.17 4,853 3,585
Total current liabilities 42,850 38,794
Total equity and liabilities 1,48,903 1,37,814
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Consolidated financial statements.
As per our report of even date attached
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Infosys Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No:
117366W/ W-100018
Vikas Bagaria Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh Bobby Parikh
Partner Chairman Chief Executive Officer Director
Membership No. 060408 DIN: 00041245 and Managing Director DIN: 00019437
DIN: 01876159
Bengaluru Jayesh Sanghrajka A.G.S. Manikantha
April 17, 2025 Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Membership No. A21918
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 303
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss
(In ₹ crore, except equity share and per equity share data)
Particulars Note Year ended March 31,
2025 2024
Revenue from operations 2.18 162,990 153,670
Other income, net 2.19 3,600 4,711
Total income 166,590 158,381
Expenses
Employee benefit expenses 2.22 85,950 82,620
Cost of technical sub-contractors 12,937 12,232
Travel expenses 1,894 1,759
Cost of software packages and others 2.20 15,911 13,515
Communication expenses 620 677
Consultancy and professional charges 1,655 1,726
Depreciation and amortization expenses 2.2, 2.4.2 and 2.21 4,812 4,678
Finance cost 416 470
Other expenses 2.20 4,787 4,716
Total expenses 128,982 122,393
Profit before tax 37,608 35,988
Tax expense:
Current tax 2.17 12,130 8,390
Deferred tax 2.17 (1,272) 1,350
Profit for the year 26,750 26,248
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability/asset, net 2.22 (92) 120
Equity instruments through other comprehensive income, net 2.5 19 19
(73) 139
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Fair value changes on derivatives designated as cash flow hedge, net 2.11 (24) 11
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 357 226
Fair value changes on investments, net 2.5 199 144
532 381
Total other comprehensive income / (loss), net of tax 459 520
Total comprehensive income for the year 27,209 26,768
304 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (contd.)
Particulars Note Year ended March 31,
2025 2024
Profit attributable to:
Owners of the Company 26,713 26,233
Non-controlling interests 37 15
26,750 26,248
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
Owners of the Company 27,167 26,754
Non-controlling interests 42 14
27,209 26,768
Earnings per equity share
Equity shares of par value ₹5/- each
Basic (₹) 2.23 64.50 63.39
Diluted (₹) 2.23 64.34 63.29
Weighted average equity shares used in computing earnings per equity share
Basic (in shares) 2.23 414,16,11,738 413,85,68,090
Diluted (in shares) 2.23 415,20,51,184 414,46,80,425
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Consolidated financial statements.
As per our report of even date attached
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Infosys Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No:
117366W/W-100018
Vikas Bagaria Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh Bobby Parikh
Partner Chairman Chief Executive Officer Director
Membership No. 060408 DIN: 00041245 and Managing Director DIN: 00019437
DIN: 01876159
Bengaluru Jayesh Sanghrajka A.G.S. Manikantha
April 17, 2025 Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Membership No. A21918
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 305
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Equity Other equity Total equity Non- Total
share Reserves and surplus Other comprehensive income attributable controlling equity
capital to equity interest
Capital Capital Securities Retained General Share Special Other Equity Exchange Effective Other items
(1) holders
reserve redemption Premium earnings reserve Options Economic reserves instruments differences portion of other
of the
reserve Outstanding Zone Re- (3) through other on of Cash comprehensive
Company
Account investment comprehensive translating Flow income / (loss)
reserve (2) income the Hedges
financial
statements
of a
foreign
operation
Balance as at
April 1, 2023 2,069 54 169 166 58,957 1,054 878 10,014 19 247 2,325 (5) (540) 75,407 388 75,795
Changes in equity
for the year ended
March 31, 2024
Profit for the year – – – – 26,233 – – – – – – – – 26,233 15 26,248
Remeasurement
of the net defined
benefit liability/
asset, net* (Refer to
Note 2.22) – – – – – – – – – – – – 120 120 – 120
Equity instruments
through other
comprehensive
income, net* (Refer
to Notes 2.5 and 2.17) – – – – – – – – – 19 – – – 19 – 19
Fair value changes
on derivatives
designated as cash
flow hedge, net*
(Refer to Note 2.11) – – – – – – – – – – – 11 – 11 – 11
Exchange
differences on
translation of
foreign operations – – – – – – – – – – 227 – – 227 (1) 226
Fair value changes
on investments,
net* (Refer to Notes
2.5 and 2.17) – – – – – – – – – – – – 144 144 – 144
Total
Comprehensive
income for the
year – – – – 26,233 – – – – 19 227 11 264 26,754 14 26,768
Shares issued
on exercise of
employee stock
options (Refer to
Note 2.12) 2 – – 3 – – – – – – – – – 5 – 5
Employee stock
compensation
expense (Refer to
Note 2.12) – – – – – – 639 – – – – – – 639 – 639
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Particulars Equity Other equity Total equity Non- Total
share Reserves and surplus Other comprehensive income attributable controlling equity
capital to equity interest
Capital Capital Securities Retained General Share Special Other Equity Exchange Effective Other items
(1) holders
reserve redemption Premium earnings reserve Options Economic reserves instruments differences portion of other
of the
reserve Outstanding Zone Re- (3) through other on of Cash comprehensive
Company
Account investment comprehensive translating Flow income / (loss)
reserve (2) income the Hedges
financial
statements
of a
foreign
operation
Transferred on
account of exercise
of stock options
(Refer to Note 2.12) – – – 447 – – (447) – – – – – – – – –
Transferred on
account of options
not exercised – – – – – 160 (160) – – – – – – – – –
Income tax benefit
arising on exercise
of stock options – – – – – – 3 – – – – – – 3 – 3
Transfer to legal
reserve – – – – (3) – – – 3 – – – – – –
Dividends (1)
– – – – (14,692) – – – – – – – – (14,692) – (14,692)
Dividends paid to
non controlling
interest of
subsidiary – – – – – – – – – – – – – – (39) (39)
Buyback of shares
pertaining to non
controlling interest
of subsidiary – – – – – – – – – – – – – – (18) (18)
Transferred to
Special Economic
Zone Re-investment
reserve – – – – (2,957) – – 2,957 – – – – – – – –
Transferred from
Special Economic
Zone Re-investment
reserve on
utilization – – – – 867 – – (867) – – – – – – – –
Balance as at
March 31, 2024 2,071 54 169 616 68,405 1,214 913 12,104 22 266 2,552 6 (276) 88,116 345 88,461
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (contd.)
Particulars Equity share Other equity Total Non- Total
capital (1) Reserves and surplus Other comprehensive income equity controlling equity
attributable interest
Capital Capital Securities Retained General Share Special Other Equity Exchange Effective Other items
to equity
reserve redemption premium earnings reserve options Economic reserves instruments differences portion of other
holders
reserve outstanding Zone Re- (3) through other on of cash comprehensive
of the
account investment comprehensive translating flow income /
Company
reserve (2) incomethe financial hedges (loss)
statements
of a foreign
operation
Balance as at
April 1, 2024 2,071 54 169 616 68,405 1,214 913 12,104 22 266 2,552 6 (276) 88,116 345 88,461
Changes in equity
for the year ended
March 31, 2025
Profit for the year – – – – 26,713 – – – – – – – – 26,713 37 26,750
Remeasurement
of the net defined
benefit liability /
asset, net*
(Refer to Note 2.22) – – – – – – – – – – – – (92) (92) – (92)
Equity instruments
through other
comprehensive
income, net* (Refer to
Notes 2.5 and 2.17) – – – – – – – – – 19 – – – 19 – 19
Fair value changes
on derivatives
designated as cash
flow hedge, net*
(Refer to Note 2.11) – – – – – – – – – – – (24) – (24) – (24)
Exchange differences
on translation of
foreign operations – – – – – – – – – – 352 – – 352 5 357
Fair value changes
on investments, net*
(Refer to Notes 2.5
and 2.17) – – – – – – – – – – – – 199 199 – 199
Total
Comprehensive
income for the year – – – – 26,713 – – – – 19 352 (24) 107 27,167 42 27,209
Shares issued on
exercise of employee
stock options
(Refer to Note 2.12) 2 – – 4 – – – – – – – – – 6 – 6
Employee stock
compensation
expense
(Refer to Note 2.12) – – – – – – 785 – – – – – – 785 – 785
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
Particulars Equity share Other equity Total Non- Total
capital (1) Reserves and surplus Other comprehensive income equity controlling equity
attributable interest
Capital Capital Securities Retained General Share Special Other Equity Exchange Effective Other items
to equity
reserve redemption premium earnings reserve options Economic reserves instruments differences portion of other
holders
reserve outstanding Zone Re- (3) through other on of cash comprehensive
of the
account investment comprehensive translating flow income /
Company
reserve (2) incomethe financial hedges (loss)
statements
of a foreign
operation
Transferred on
account of exercise of
stock options
(Refer to Note 2.12) – – – 471 – – (471) – – – – – – – – –
Transferred on
account of options
not exercised – – – – – 198 (198) – – – – – – – – –
Income tax benefit
arising on exercise of
stock options – – – – – – 39 – – – – – – 39 – 39
Transfer to legal
reserve – – – – (2) – – – 2 – – – – – – –
Dividends(1) – – – – (20,295) – – – – – – – – (20,295) – (20,295)
Dividends paid to
non controlling
interest of subsidiary – – – – – – – – – – – – – – (2) (2)
Transferred to Special
Economic Zone Re-
investment reserve – – – – (74) – – 74 – – – – – – – –
Transferred from
Special Economic
Zone Re-investment
reserve to retained
earnings – – – – 2,999 – – (2,999) – – – – – – – –
Transferred from
Special Economic
Zone Re-investment
reserve on utilization – – – – 881 – – (881) – – – – – – – –
Balance as at
March 31, 2025 2,073 54 169 1,091 78,627 1,412 1,068 8,298 24 285 2,904 (18) (169) 95,818 385 96,203
Infosys
Integrated
Annual
Report
2024-25
* Net of tax
(1) Net of treasury shares
(2) The Special Economic Zone Re-investment Reserve has been created out of the profit of eligible SEZ units in terms of the provisions of Sec 10AA(i)(ii) of Income Tax Act, 1961. The reserve should be utilized
by the Group for acquiring new plant and machinery for the purpose of its business in the terms of the Sec 10AA( 2 ) of the Income Tax Act, 1961.
(3) Under the Swiss Code of Obligation, few subsidiaries of Infosys Consulting are required to appropriate a certain percentage of the annual profit to legal reserve which may be used only to cover losses or
for measures designed to sustain the Company through difficult times, to prevent unemployment or to mitigate its consequences.
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Consolidated financial statements.
As per our report of even date attached
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Infosys Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No:
117366W/ W-100018
Vikas Bagaria Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh Bobby Parikh
Partner Chairman Chief Executive Officer Director
Membership No. 060408 DIN: 00041245 and Managing Director DIN: 00019437
DIN: 01876159
Bengaluru Jayesh Sanghrajka A.G.S. Manikantha
April 17, 2025 Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Membership No. A21918
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Accounting policy
Cash flows are reported using the indirect method, whereby profit for the year is adjusted for the effects of transactions of a non-cash
nature, any deferrals or accruals of past or future operating cash receipts or payments and item of income or expenses associated with
investing or financing cash flows. The cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities of the Group are segregated. The
Group considers all highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash to be cash equivalents.
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Note Year ended March 31,
2025 2024
Cash flow from operating activities
Profit for the year 26,750 26,248
Adjustments to reconcile net profit to net cash provided by operating activities:
Income tax expense 2.17 10,858 9,740
Depreciation and amortization 2.2, 2.4.2 and 2.21 4,812 4,678
Interest and dividend income 2.19 (2,570) (2,067)
Finance cost 416 470
Impairment loss recognized / (reversed) under expected credit loss model 48 121
Exchange differences on translation of assets and liabilities, net 79 76
Stock compensation expense 2.12 802 652
Interest receivable on income tax refund (327) (1,934)
Provision for post-sales client support (110) 75
Other adjustments 833 1,464
Changes in assets and liabilities
Trade receivables and unbilled revenue (1,769) (2,667)
Loans, other financial assets and other assets (1,024) (1,172)
Trade payables 176 91
Other financial liabilities, other liabilities and provisions 2,322 (1,334)
Cash generated from operations 41,296 34,441
Income taxes paid (5,602) (9,231)
Net cash generated by operating activities 35,694 25,210
Cash flows from investing activities
Expenditure on property, plant and equipment and intangibles (2,237) (2,201)
Deposits placed with corporation (1,225) (847)
Redemption of deposits placed with Corporation 776 710
Interest and dividend received 2,040 1,768
Payment towards acquisition of business, net of cash acquired 2.1 (3,155) –
Payment of contingent consideration pertaining to acquisition of business – (101)
Other receipts 10 128
Payments to acquire investments
Tax-free bonds and government bonds (2) –
Liquid mutual fund units (73,048) (66,191)
Certificates of deposit (6,978) (8,509)
Commercial papers (6,403) (10,387)
Non-convertible debentures (3,240) (1,526)
Other investments (60) (14)
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 311
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (contd.)
Particulars Note Year ended March 31,
2025 2024
Proceeds on sale of investments
Tax-free bonds and government bonds 109 150
Liquid mutual funds units 73,987 64,767
Certificates of deposit 6,688 9,205
Commercial papers 7,735 6,479
Non-convertible debentures 2,591 1,230
Government securities 455 304
Equity and preference securities – 26
Other investments 11 –
Net cash used in from investing activities (1,946) (5,009)
Cash flows from financing activities
Payment of lease liabilities (2,355) (2,024)
Payment of dividends (20,287) (14,692)
Loan repayment of in-tech Holding GmbH (Refer to Note 2.1) (985) –
Payment of dividend to non-controlling interest of subsidiary (2) (39)
Payment towards buyback of shares pertaining to non-controlling interest of subsidiary – (18)
Shares issued on exercise of employee stock options 6 5
Other payments (538) (736)
Net cash used in financing activities (24,161) (17,504)
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 9,587 2,697
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 82 (84)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 2.9 14,786 12,173
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 2.9 24,455 14,786
Supplementary information:
Restricted cash balance 2.9 424 348
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Consolidated financial statements.
As per our report of even date attached
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Infosys Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No:
117366W/ W-100018
Vikas Bagaria Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh Bobby Parikh
Partner Chairman Chief Executive Officer Director
Membership No. 060408 DIN: 00041245 and Managing Director DIN: 00019437
DIN: 01876159
Bengaluru Jayesh Sanghrajka A.G.S. Manikantha
April 17, 2025 Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Membership No. A21918
312 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Overview and notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
1. Overview the entity, is exposed, or has rights to variable returns from its
involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those
1.1 Company overview returns by using its power over the entity. Power is demonstrated
through existing rights that give the ability to direct relevant
Infosys Limited ("the Company" or Infosys) provides
activities, those which significantly affect the entity's returns.
consulting, technology, outsourcing and next-generation
Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date control commences
digital services, to enable clients to execute strategies for their
until the date control ceases.
digital transformation. Infosys' strategic objective is to build a
sustainable organization that remains relevant to the agenda of The financial statements of the Group companies are
clients, while creating growth opportunities for employees and consolidated on a line-by-line basis and intra-group balances
generating profitable returns for investors. Infosys' strategy is to and transactions including unrealized gain / loss from such
be a navigator for our clients as they ideate, plan and execute on transactions are eliminated upon consolidation. These financial
their journey to a digital future. statements are prepared by applying uniform accounting policies
in use at the Group. Non-controlling interests which represent
Infosys together with its subsidiaries and controlled trusts is
part of the net profit or loss and net assets of subsidiaries
hereinafter referred to as "the Group".
that are not, directly or indirectly, owned or controlled by the
The Company is a public limited company incorporated and Company, are excluded.
domiciled in India and has its registered office at Electronics city,
Refer to Note 2.25 for the list of subsidiaries and controlled
Hosur Road, Bengaluru 560100, Karnataka, India. The Company
trusts of the Company
has its primary listings on the BSE Ltd. and National Stock
Exchange of India Limited. The Company’s American Depositary
1.4 Use of estimates and judgments
Shares (ADS) representing equity shares are listed on the New
York Stock Exchange (NYSE). The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in
conformity with Ind AS requires the Management to make
The Group's Consolidated financial statements are approved for
estimates, judgments and assumptions. These estimates,
issue by the Company's Board of Directors on April 17, 2025.
judgments and assumptions affect the application of accounting
policies and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the
1.2 Basis of preparation of financial statements
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
These Consolidated financial statements are prepared in consolidated financial statements and reported amounts of
accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 revenues and expenses during the period. The application of
(''the Act''), guidelines issued by the Securities and Exchange accounting policies that require critical accounting estimates
Board of India (SEBI) and Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS) involving complex and subjective judgments and the use of
under the historical cost convention on accrual basis except for assumptions in these financial statements have been disclosed
certain financial instruments which are measured at fair values in Note 1.5. Accounting estimates could change from period
and defined benefit liability/(asset) which is recognized at the to period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
present value of defined benefit obligation less fair value of plan Appropriate changes in estimates are made as the Management
assets. The Ind AS are prescribed under Section 133 of the Act becomes aware of changes in circumstances surrounding the
read with Rule 3 of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) estimates. Changes in estimates and judgements are reflected
Rules, 2015 and relevant amendment rules issued thereafter. in the consolidated financial statements in the period in which
changes are made and, if material, their effects are disclosed in
Accounting policies have been consistently applied except
the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
where a newly-issued accounting standard is initially adopted
or a revision to an existing accounting standard requires a
1.5 Critical accounting estimates and judgments
change in the accounting policy hitherto in use. The material
accounting policy information used in preparation of the audited a. Revenue recognition
consolidated financial statements have been discussed in The Group’s contracts with customers include promises to
the respective notes. transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Revenues
As the year-end figures are taken from the source and rounded from customer contracts are considered for recognition and
to the nearest digits, the figures reported for the previous measurement when the contract has been approved, in
quarters might not always add up to the year-end figures writing, by the parties to the contract, the parties to contract
reported in this statement. are committed to perform their respective obligations under
the contract, and the contract is legally enforceable. The Group
assesses the services promised in a contract and identifies
1.3 Basis of consolidation
distinct performance obligations in the contract. Identification of
Infosys consolidates entities which it owns or controls. The
distinct performance obligations to determine the deliverables
Consolidated financial statements comprise the financial
and the ability of the customer to benefit independently from
statements of the Company, its controlled trusts and its
such deliverables, and allocation of transaction price to these
subsidiaries. Control exists when the parent has power over
distinct performance obligations involves significant judgment.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 313
Fixed-price maintenance revenue is recognized ratably on a The amount of the deferred income tax assets considered
straight-line basis when services are performed through an realizable, however, could be reduced in the near term if
indefinite number of repetitive acts over a specified period. estimates of future taxable income during the carry forward
Revenue from fixed-price maintenance contract is recognized period are reduced (Refer to Note 2.17).
ratably using a percentage of completion method when the
pattern of benefits from the services rendered to the customer c. Business combinations and intangible assets
and the Group’s costs to fulfil the contract is not even through the Business combinations are accounted for using Ind AS 103,
period of the contract because the services are generally discrete Business Combinations. Ind AS 103 requires us to fair value
in nature and not repetitive. The use of method to recognize the identifiable intangible assets and contingent consideration
maintenance revenues requires judgment and is based on the to ascertain the net fair value of identifiable assets, liabilities
promises in the contract and nature of the deliverables. and contingent liabilities of the acquiree. These valuations are
The Group uses the percentage-of-completion method in conducted by external valuation experts. Estimates are required
accounting for other fixed-price contracts. Use of the percentage- to be made in determining the value of contingent consideration,
of-completion method requires the Group to determine the actual value of option arrangements and intangible assets. These
efforts or costs expended to date as a proportion of the estimated measurements are based on information available at the
total efforts or costs to be incurred. Efforts or costs expended acquisition date and are based on expectations and assumptions
have been used to measure progress towards completion as that have been deemed reasonable by the Management (Refer to
there is a direct relationship between input and productivity. The Notes 2.1 and 2.4.2).
estimation of total efforts or costs involves significant judgment
and is assessed throughout the period of the contract to reflect d. Property, plant and equipment
any changes based on the latest available information. Property, plant and equipment represent a significant proportion
of the asset base of the Group. The charge in respect of periodic
Contracts with customers includes subcontractor services or third-
depreciation is derived after determining an estimate of an
party vendor equipment or software in certain integrated services
asset’s expected useful life and the expected residual value at
arrangements. In these types of arrangements, revenue from
the end of its life. The useful lives and residual values of Group's
sales of third-party vendor products or services is recorded net of
assets are determined by the Management at the time the asset
costs when the Group is acting as an agent between the customer
is acquired and reviewed periodically, including at each financial
and the vendor, and gross when the Group is the principal for
year end. The lives are based on historical experience with similar
the transaction. In doing so, the Group first evaluates whether
assets as well as anticipation of future events, which may impact
it obtains control of the specified goods or services before they
their life, such as changes in technology (Refer to Note 2.2).
are transferred to the customer. The Group considers whether it
is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the
e. Impairment of Goodwill
specified goods or services, inventory risk, pricing discretion and
other factors to determine whether it controls the specified goods Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis and
or services and therefore, is acting as a principal or an agent. whenever there is an indication that the recoverable amount of a
Cash Generating Unit (CGUs) is less than its carrying amount. For
Provisions for estimated losses, if any, on incomplete contracts
the impairment test, goodwill is allocated to the CGU or groups
are recorded in the period in which such losses become probable
of CGUs which benefit from the synergies of the acquisition and
based on the estimated efforts or costs to complete the contract.
which represent the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored
for internal management purposes.
b. Income taxes
The recoverable amount of CGUs is determined based on higher
The Group's two major tax jurisdictions are India and the United
of value-in-use and fair value less cost to sell. Key assumptions
States, though the Company also files tax returns in other
in the cash flow projections are prepared based on current
overseas jurisdictions.
economic conditions and comprises estimated long term growth
Significant judgments are involved in determining the provision rates, weighted average cost of capital and estimated operating
for income taxes, including amount expected to be paid / margins (Refer to Note 2.4.1).
recovered for uncertain tax positions.
2. Notes to the Consolidated financial statements
In assessing the realizability of deferred income tax assets, the
Management considers whether some portion or all of the
2.1 Business combinations
deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate
realization of deferred income tax assets is dependent upon the Accounting policy
generation of future taxable income during the periods in which Business combinations have been accounted for using the
the temporary differences become deductible. Management acquisition method under the provisions of Ind AS 103,
considers the scheduled reversals of deferred income tax Business Combinations.
liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning
strategies in making this assessment. Based on the level of The purchase price in an acquisition is measured at the fair value
historical taxable income and projections for future taxable of the assets transferred, equity instruments issued and liabilities
income over the periods in which the deferred income tax assets incurred or assumed at the date of acquisition, which is the date
are deductible, the Management believes that the Group will on which control is transferred to the Group. The purchase price
realize the benefits of those deductible differences. also includes the fair value of any contingent consideration.
314 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent The excess of the purchase consideration paid over the fair value
liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured of assets acquired has been attributed to goodwill. The primary
initially at their fair value on the date of acquisition. Contingent items that generated this goodwill are the value of the acquired
consideration is remeasured at fair value at each reporting date assembled workforce and estimated synergies, neither of which
and changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration are qualify as an intangible asset.
recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss.
Goodwill is not tax-deductible.
The interest of non-controlling shareholders is initially
The purchase consideration of ₹198 crore includes cash of ₹168
measured either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’
crore and contingent consideration with an estimated fair value
proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
of ₹30 crore as on the date of acquisition.
The choice of measurement basis is made on an acquisition-by-
acquisition basis. Subsequent to acquisition, the carrying amount At the acquisition date, the key inputs used in determination of
of non-controlling interests is the amount of those interests at the fair value of contingent consideration are the probabilities
initial recognition plus the non-controlling interests’ share of assigned towards achievement of financial targets and discount
subsequent changes in equity of subsidiaries. rate of 5.9%. The undiscounted value of contingent consideration
as of March 31, 2025 was ₹33 crore.
Business combinations between entities under common
control is accounted for at carrying value of the assets Additionally, this acquisition has retention bonus and
acquired and liabilities assumed in the Group's consolidated management incentive payable to the employees of the acquiree
financial statements. over three years, subject to their continuous employment with
the Group and achievement of financial targets for the respective
The payments related to options issued by the Group over the
years. Bonus and incentives are recognized in employee
non-controlling interests in its subsidiaries are accounted as
benefit expenses in the Statement of Profit and loss over
financial liabilities and initially recognized at the estimated
the period of service.
present value of gross obligations. Such options are subsequently
measured at fair value in order to reflect the amount payable Fair value of trade receivables acquired is ₹32 crore as of
under the option at the date at which it becomes exercisable. acquisition date and as of March 31, 2025 the amounts are
In the event that the option expires unexercised, the substantially collected.
liability is derecognized.
Transaction costs that the Group incurs in connection with
a business combination such as finder’s fees, legal fees, due
Acquisition
diligence fees, and other professional and consulting fees are
InSemi expensed as incurred. The transaction costs of ₹2 crore related
On May 10, 2024, Infosys Limited acquired 100% voting interests to the acquisition have been included under administrative
in InSemi Technology Services Private Limited, a semiconductor expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and loss for the
design services company headquartered in India. This acquisition three months ended June 30, 2024.
is expected to strengthen our expertise in semiconductor
ecosystem and Engineering R&D services. In-tech Holding GmbH
The purchase price is allocated to assets acquired and liabilities On July 17, 2024, Infosys Germany GmbH a wholly-owned
assumed based upon determination of fair values at the date of step down subsidiary of Infosys Limited acquired 100% voting
acquisition as follows: interests in in-tech Holding GmbH, a leading provider of
engineering R&D services headquartered in Germany. This
(In ₹ crore) acquisition is expected to strengthen Infosys’ engineering R&D
capabilities and reaffirms its continued commitment to global
Component Acquiree's Fair value Purchase
clients to navigate their digital engineering journey.
carrying adjustments price
amount allocated The purchase price is allocated to assets acquired and liabilities
assumed based upon determination of fair values at the date of
Net assets(1) 40 – 40
acquisition as follows:
Intangible assets:
Customer related – 60 60 (In ₹ crore)
Brand – 13 13 Component Acquiree's Fair value Purchase
Deferred carrying adjustments price
tax liabilities amount allocated
on intangible assets – (18) (18) Assets(1) 731 – 731
Total 95 Liabilities (364) – (364)
Goodwill 103 Intangible assets:
Total purchase price 198 Customer related – 1,720 1,720
Brand – 147 147
(1) Includes cash and cash equivalents acquired of ₹41 crore
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 315
excluding management incentives, and retention bonus ,
Component Acquiree's Fair value Purchase
subject to customary closing adjustments. To consummate
carrying adjustments price
this transaction, Infosys Nova Holdings LLC has simultaneously
amount allocated
incorporated an entity Infosys Energy Consulting Services LLC.
Deferred – (511) (511)
tax liabilities
2.2 Property, plant and equipment
on intangible assets
Accounting policy
Goodwill – – 2,490
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, less
Loan (985) – (985)
accumulated depreciation and impairment, if any. Costs directly
Total purchase price 3,228 attributable to acquisition are capitalized until the property,
Loan repayment 985 plant and equipment are ready for use, as intended by the
Management. The charge in respect of periodic depreciation is
Total cash outflow 4,213
derived at after determining an estimate of an asset’s expected
useful life and the expected residual value at the end of its life.
(1) Includes cash and cash equivalents acquired of ₹197 crore
The Group depreciates property, plant and equipment over
The excess of the purchase consideration paid over the fair value their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method. The
of assets acquired has been attributed to goodwill. The primary estimated useful lives of assets are as follows:
items that generated this goodwill are the value of the acquired
assembled workforce and estimated synergies, neither of which Buildings(1) 22-25 years
qualify as an intangible asset. Plant and machinery(1)(2) 5 years
Goodwill is not tax-deductible. Office equipment 5 years
The total purchase consideration of EUR 356 million (₹3,228 crore) Computer equipment(1) 3-5 years
comprises the cash consideration paid to selling shareholders at Furniture and fixtures(1) 5 years
the acquisition date.
Vehicles(1) 5 years
Additionally, this acquisition has retention bonus and Leasehold improvements Lower of useful life of the asset
management incentive payable to the employees of the acquiree or lease term
over two to five years, subject to their continuous employment
with the Group and achievement of financial targets for the (1) Based on technical evaluation, the Management believes that the
respective years. Bonus and incentives are recognized in useful lives as given above best represent the period over which the
Management expects to use these assets. Hence, the useful lives for
employee benefit expenses in the Statement of Profit and Loss
these assets is different from the useful lives as prescribed under Part C of
over the period of service.
Schedule II of the Companies Act 2013
Fair value of trade receivables acquired is ₹139 crore as of (2) Includes solar plant with a useful life of 25 years
acquisition date and as of March 31, 2025 the amounts are
Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are
substantially collected.
reviewed periodically, including at each financial year end. The
Transaction costs that the Group incurs in connection with useful lives are based on historical experience with similar assets
a business combination such as finder’s fees, legal fees, due as well as anticipation of future events, which may impact their
diligence fees, and other professional and consulting fees are life, such as changes in technology.
expensed as incurred. The transaction costs of ₹4 crore related
Advances paid towards the acquisition of property, plant and
to the acquisition have been included under administrative
equipment outstanding at each Balance Sheet date is classified
expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss for the
as capital advances under other non-current assets and the cost
quarter ended September 30, 2024.
of assets not ready to use before such date are disclosed under
‘Capital work-in-progress’. Subsequent expenditures relating
Proposed acquisitions to property, plant and equipment is capitalized only when it is
On April 17, 2025, Infosys Singapore Pte Ltd., a wholly-owned probable that future economic benefits associated with these
step down subsidiary of Infosys Limited, entered into a definitive will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured
agreement to acquire 100% of the equity share capital of reliably. The cost and related accumulated depreciation
The Missing Link, a leading Cybersecurity service provider are eliminated from the financial statements upon sale or
headquartered in Australia, for a consideration including earn- retirement of the asset.
outs amounting up to AUD 98 million (approximately ₹527 crore),
excluding management incentives, and retention bonus, subject Impairment
to customary closing adjustments.
Property, plant and equipment are evaluated for recoverability
On April 17, 2025, Infosys Nova Holdings LLC, a wholly-owned whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their
step down subsidiary of Infosys Limited, entered into a definitive carrying amounts may not be recoverable. For the purpose of
agreement to acquire 100% of the partnership interests of impairment testing, the recoverable amount (i.e. the higher of
MRE Consulting Ltd, a leading Energy Consulting company, the fair value less cost to sell and the value-in-use) is determined
headquartered in USA, for a consideration including earn- on an individual asset basis unless the asset does not generate
outs amounting up to $36 million (approximately ₹308 crore), cash flows that are largely independent of those from other
316 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
assets. In such cases, the recoverable amount is determined for Profit and Loss if there has been a change in the estimates used
the Cash Generating Unit (CGU) to which the asset belongs. to determine the recoverable amount. The carrying amount
of the asset is increased to its revised recoverable amount,
If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to
provided that this amount does not exceed the carrying amount
be recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss
that would have been determined (net of any accumulated
is measured by the amount by which the carrying value of the
depreciation) had no impairment loss been recognized for the
assets exceeds the estimated recoverable amount of the asset.
asset in prior years.
An impairment loss is reversed in the Consolidated Statement of
The changes in the carrying value of property, plant and equipment for the year ended March 31, 2025 are as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Land – Buildings (1) Plant and Office Computer Furniture Leasehold Vehicles Total
Freehold machinery equipment equipment and improvements
fixtures
Gross carrying
value as at
April 1, 2024 1,432 11,770 3,428 1,528 8,611 2,326 1,447 45 30,587
Additions 47 43 63 139 1,317 93 139 2 1,843
Additions
on Business
Combinations
(Refer to Note 2.1) – 1 – 11 6 23 – 2 43
Deletions** – (113) (31) (52) (633) (101) (290) (1) (1,221)
Translation
difference – 20 1 2 5 (1) 11 – 38
Gross carrying
value as at
March 31, 2025 1,479 11,721 3,461 1,628 9,306 2,340 1,307 48 31,290
Accumulated
depreciation as at
April 1, 2024 – (4,921) (2,630) (1,269) (6,380) (1,837) (1,138) (42) (18,217)
Depreciation – (444) (203) (118) (1,249) (187) (157) (2) (2,360)
Accumulated
depreciation on
deletions** – 13 21 51 616 94 286 1 1,082
Translation
difference – (6) (1) (1) – 1 (10) – (17)
Accumulated
depreciation as at
March 31, 2025 – (5,358) (2,813) (1,337) (7,013) (1,929) (1,019) (43) (19,512)
Carrying value as at
April 1, 2024 1,432 6,849 798 259 2,231 489 309 3 12,370
Carrying value as at
March 31, 2025 1,479 6,363 648 291 2,293 411 288 5 11,778
** During the year ended March 31, 2025, certain assets which were not in use having gross book value of ₹513 crore (net book value: Nil) were retired.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 317
The changes in the carrying value of property, plant and equipment for the year ended March 31, 2024 were as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Land – Buildings (1) Plant and Office Computer Furniture Leasehold Vehicles Total
Freehold machinery equipment equipment and improvements
fixtures
Gross carrying
value as at
April 1, 2023 1,431 11,562 3,302 1,482 8,519 2,303 1,445 45 30,089
Additions 1 300 193 106 931 121 108 1 1,761
Deletions* – (55) (64) (60) (846) (99) (102) (1) (1,227)
Translation
difference – (37) (3) – 7 1 (4) – (36)
Gross carrying
value as at
March 31, 2024 1,432 11,770 3,428 1,528 8,611 2,326 1,447 45 30,587
Accumulated
depreciation as at
April 1, 2023 – (4,535) (2,437) (1,198) (5,826) (1,675) (1,032) (40) (16,743)
Depreciation – (450) (259) (130) (1,387) (250) (206) (3) (2,685)
Accumulated
depreciation on
deletions* – 55 64 59 836 89 97 1 1,201
Translation
difference – 9 2 – (3) (1) 3 – 10
Accumulated
depreciation as at
March 31, 2024 – (4,921) (2,630) (1,269) (6,380) (1,837) (1,138) (42) (18,217)
Carrying value as at
April 1, 2023 1,431 7,027 865 284 2,693 628 413 5 13,346
Carrying value as at
March 31, 2024 1,432 6,849 798 259 2,231 489 309 3 12,370
* During the year ended March 31, 2024, certain assets which were not in use having gross book value of ₹775 crore (net book value: Nil) were retired.
(1) Buildings include ₹250/- being the value of five shares of ₹50/- each in Mittal Towers Premises Co-operative Society Limited.
The aggregate depreciation has been included under depreciation and amortization expense in the Consolidated
Statement of Profit and Loss.
Repairs and maintenance costs are recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss when incurred.
Consequent to the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Amendment Rules, 2021 (“the Rules”), the Company was required
to transfer its CSR capital assets installed prior to January 2021. Towards this the Company had incorporated a subsidiary ‘Infosys
Green Forum’ (IGF) under Section 8 of the Companies Act, 2013. During the year ended March 31, 2022 the Company had completed
the transfer of assets upon obtaining the required approvals from regulatory authorities, as applicable. During March 31, 2024, the
application filed by IGF for registration u/s.12AB of the Income Tax Act was rejected and registration cancelled. IGF has filed an appeal
against this order before Income Tax Appellate Tribunal.
318 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
2.3 Capital work-in-progress (CWIP)
The changes in capital work-in-progress for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 are as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
As at March 31,
Particulars
2025 2024
Balance at the beginning 293 288
Additions during the year 2,316 1,764
Capitalised during the year (1,796) (1,760)
Translation difference 1 1
Balance at the end 814 293
The capital work-in-progress ageing schedule for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Amount in CWIP for a period of
Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years Total
Projects in progress 576 204 22 12 814
259 22 1 11 293
Total capital work-in-progress 576 204 22 12 814
259 22 1 11 293
For capital-work-in progress, whose completion is overdue or has exceeded its cost compared to its original plan the project wise details
of when the project is expected to be completed is given below as of March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 are as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars To be completed in
Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years Total
Projects in progress
NO-SZ-SDB 256 – – – 256
– – – – –
Total capital work-in-progress* 256 – – – 256
– – – – –
* There are no subsidiaries in the group having more than 10% of the total capital work in progress.
2.4 Goodwill and other intangible assets Cash Generating Unit (CGU) is less than its carrying amount. For
the impairment test, goodwill is allocated to the CGU or groups
2.4.1 Goodwill
of CGUs which benefit from the synergies of the acquisition and
Accounting policy
which represents the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored
Goodwill represents the purchase consideration in excess of for internal management purposes. A CGU is the smallest
the Group's interest in the net fair value of identifiable assets, identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are
liabilities and contingent liabilities of the acquired entity. largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or
When the net fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and group of assets. Impairment occurs when the carrying amount of
contingent liabilities acquired exceeds purchase consideration, a CGU including the goodwill, exceeds the estimated recoverable
the fair value of net assets acquired is reassessed and the bargain amount of the CGU. The recoverable amount of a CGU is the
purchase gain is recognized in capital reserve. Goodwill is higher of its fair value less cost to sell and its value-in-use.
measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Value-in-use is the present value of future cash flows expected
to be derived from the CGU. Key assumptions in the cash flow
Impairment projections are prepared based on current economic conditions
Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis and and includes estimated long term growth rates, weighted
whenever there is an indication that the recoverable amount of a average cost of capital and estimated operating margins.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 319
A summary of changes in the carrying amount of goodwill The above discount rate is based on the Weighted Average Cost
is as follows: of Capital (WACC) of the Company. As at March 31, 2025, the
estimated recoverable amount of the CGU exceeded its carrying
(In ₹ crore) amount. Reasonable sensitivities in key assumptions is unlikely to
cause the carrying amount to exceed the recoverable amount of
Particulars As at March 31,
the cash generating units.
2025 2024
Carrying value at the beginning 7,303 7,248 2.4.2 Intangible Assets
Goodwill on acquisitions Accounting policy
(Refer to Note 2.1) 2,593 –
Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortization
Translation differences 210 55 and impairment. Intangible assets are amortized over their
Carrying value at the end 10,106 7,303 respective individual estimated useful lives on a straight-
line basis, from the date that they are available for use. The
estimated useful life of an identifiable intangible asset is based
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in
on a number of factors including the effects of obsolescence,
a business combination is allocated to the CGU or groups of
demand, competition, and other economic factors (such as the
CGUs, which benefit from the synergies of the acquisition. The
stability of the industry, and known technological advances)
Group internally reviews the goodwill for impairment at the
and the level of maintenance expenditures required to obtain
operating segment level, after allocation of the goodwill to
the expected future cash flows from the asset. Amortization
CGUs or groups of CGUs.
methods and useful lives are reviewed periodically including at
The allocation of goodwill to operating segments as at each financial year end.
March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
Research costs are expensed as incurred. Software product
development costs are expensed as incurred unless technical
(In ₹ crore)
and commercial feasibility of the project is demonstrated, future
Segment As at March 31, economic benefits are probable, the Group has an intention and
2025 2024 ability to complete and use or sell the software and the costs can
be measured reliably. The costs which can be capitalized include
Financial services 1,510 1,476
the cost of material, direct labor, overhead costs that are directly
Retail 961 939
attributable to prepare the asset for its intended use.
Communication 691 675
Energy, Utilities, Resources and Impairment
Services 1,337 1,160 Intangible assets are evaluated for recoverability whenever
Manufacturing 2,986 578 events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying
amounts may not be recoverable. For the purpose of impairment
Life Sciences 975 951
testing, the recoverable amount (i.e. the higher of the fair
8,460 5,779 value less cost to sell and the value-in-use) is determined on an
Operating segments without individual asset basis unless the asset does not generate cash
significant goodwill 650 552 flows that are largely independent of those from other assets. In
such cases, the recoverable amount is determined for the CGU to
Total 9,110 6,331
which the asset belongs.
The goodwill pertaining to Panaya amounting to ₹996 crore and If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to
₹972 crore as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively be recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss
is tested for impairment at the entity level. is measured by the amount by which the carrying value of the
assets exceeds the estimated recoverable amount of the asset.
The recoverable amount of a CGU is the higher of its fair value
An impairment loss is reversed in the Consolidated Statement of
less cost to sell and its value-in-use. The fair value of a CGU is
Profit and Loss if there has been a change in the estimates used
determined based on the market capitalization. Value-in-use
to determine the recoverable amount. The carrying amount
is determined based on discounted future cash flows. The key
of the asset is increased to its revised recoverable amount,
assumptions used for the calculations are as follows:
provided that this amount does not exceed the carrying amount
that would have been determined (net of any accumulated
(In %)
amortization) had no impairment loss been recognized for the
Particulars As at March 31, asset in prior years.
2025 2024
Long term growth rate 7-10 7-10
Operating margins 19-21 19-21
Discount rate 13 13
320 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
The changes in the carrying value of acquired intangible assets for the year ended March 31, 2025 are as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Customer- Software- Intellectual Brand or Others* Total
related related property trademark-
rights- related
related
Gross carrying value as at April 1, 2024 2,512 1,110 1 349 782 4,754
Additions – 143 – – – 143
Acquisition through business combination (Refer to Note 2.1) 1,780 – – 160 – 1,940
Deletions – – – – – –
Translation difference 91 27 – 10 19 147
Gross carrying value as at March 31, 2025 4,383 1,280 1 519 801 6,984
Accumulated amortization as at April 1, 2024 (1,800) (765) (1) (235) (556) (3,357)
Amortization expense# (530) (87) – (50) (110) (777)
Deletions – – – – – –
Translation differences (47) (17) – (6) (14) (84)
Accumulated amortization as at March 31, 2025 (2,377) (869) (1) (291) (680) (4,218)
Carrying value as at April 1, 2024 712 345 – 114 226 1,397
Carrying value as at March 31, 2025 2,006 411 – 228 121 2,766
Estimated Useful Life (in years) 1-15 3-10 – 3-10 3-7 –
Estimated Remaining Useful Life (in years) 1-9 1-4 – 1-6 1-3 –
* Majorly includes intangibles related to vendor relationships.
# During the quarter ended March 31, 2025, a decline in the revenue estimates led to the carrying value of the customer related intangibles assets recognized
on business combination exceeding the estimated recoverable amount. Consequently, the Company has recognized ₹188 crore as the excess of carrying value
over the estimated recoverable value for the quarter ended March 31, 2025.
Following are the changes in the carrying value of acquired intangible assets for the year ended March 31, 2024:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Customer- Software- Intellectual Brand or Others* Total
related related property trademark-
rights- related
related
Gross carrying value as at April 1, 2023 2,507 1,031 1 346 774 4,659
Additions – 79 – – – 79
Deletions – (2) – – – (2)
Translation difference 5 2 – 3 8 18
Gross carrying value as at March 31, 2024 2,512 1,110 1 349 782 4,754
Accumulated amortization as at April 1, 2023 (1,600) (688) (1) (195) (426) (2,910)
Amortization expense (194) (75) – (38) (125) (432)
Deletions – 2 – – 2
Translation differences (6) (4) – (2) (5) (17)
Accumulated amortization as at March 31, 2024 (1,800) (765) (1) (235) (556) (3,357)
Carrying value as at April 1, 2023 907 343 – 151 348 1,749
Carrying value as at March 31, 2024 712 345 – 114 226 1,397
Estimated Useful Life (in years) 1-15 3-10 – 3-10 3-7 –
Estimated Remaining Useful Life (in years) 1-10 1-5 – 1-6 1-4 –
* Majorly includes intangibles related to vendor relationships.
The amortization expense has been included under depreciation and amortization expense in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 321
Research and Development expenditure
Research and development expense recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended March 31, 2025 and
March 31, 2024 was ₹1,296 crore and ₹1,118 crore respectively.
2.5 Investments
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars As at March 31,
2025 2024
Non-current Investments
Unquoted
Investments carried at fair value through other comprehensive income
Preference securities 167 91
Equity instruments 2 2
169 93
Investments carried at fair value through profit or loss
Target maturity fund units 465 431
Equity and Preference securities 25 –
Others(1) 196 198
686 629
Quoted
Investments carried at amortized cost
Government bonds 16 28
Tax-free bonds 1,465 1,731
1,481 1,759
Investments carried at fair value through other comprehensive income
Non convertible debentures 3,320 2,217
Equity securities 57 113
Government securities 5,346 6,897
8,723 9,227
Total non-current investments 11,059 11,708
Current Investments
Unquoted
Investments carried at fair value through profit or loss
Liquid mutual fund units 1,957 2,615
1,957 2,615
Investments carried at fair value through other comprehensive income
Commercial Paper 3,641 4,830
Certificates of deposit 3,504 3,043
7,145 7,873
Quoted
Investments carried at amortized cost
Government bonds 15 –
Tax-free bonds 154 –
169 –
Investments carried at fair value through other comprehensive income
Non convertible debentures 1,549 1,962
Government securities 1,662 465
3,211 2,427
322 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Particulars As at March 31,
2025 2024
Total current investments 12,482 12,915
Total investments 23,541 24,623
Aggregate amount of quoted investments 13,584 13,413
Market value of quoted investments (including interest accrued), current 3,369 2,428
Market value of quoted investments (including interest accrued), non current 10,392 11,201
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments 9,957 11,210
Investments carried at amortized cost 1,650 1,759
Investments carried at fair value through other comprehensive income 19,248 19,620
Investments carried at fair value through profit or loss 2,643 3,244
(1) Uncalled capital commitments outstanding as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 was ₹122 crore and ₹79 crore, respectively.
Refer to Note 2.11 for Accounting policies on Financial Instruments.
Details of amounts recorded in Other comprehensive income:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Year ended March 31, 2025 Year ended March 31, 2024
Gross Tax Net Gross Tax Net
Net Gain / (loss) on
Non-convertible debentures 54 (6) 48 62 5 67
Commercial Paper 3 (1) 2 – – –
Certificates of deposit 3 (1) 2 (1) – (1)
Government securities 162 (15) 147 98 (20) 78
Equity and preference securities 20 (1) 19 10 9 19
Method of fair valuation:
(In ₹ crore)
Class of investment Method Fair value as at March 31,
2025 2024
Liquid mutual fund units – carried at fair value through Quoted price
profit or loss 1,957 2,615
Target maturity fund units – carried at fair value Quoted price
through profit or loss 465 431
Tax-free bonds and government bonds – carried at Quoted price and market observable inputs
amortized cost 1,812 1,973
Non-convertible debentures – carried at fair value Quoted price and market observable inputs
through other comprehensive income 4,869 4,179
Government securities – carried at fair value through Quoted price and market observable inputs
other comprehensive income 7,008 7,362
Commercial Papers – carried at fair value through Market observable inputs
other comprehensive income 3,641 4,830
Certificates of deposit – carried at fair value through Market observable inputs
other comprehensive income 3,504 3,043
Quoted Equity securities – carried at fair value through Quoted price
other comprehensive income 57 113
Unquoted equity and preference securities – carried at Discounted cash flows method, Market multiples
fair value through profit or loss method, Option pricing model 25 –
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 323
Class of investment Method Fair value as at March 31,
2025 2024
Unquoted equity and preference securities – carried at Discounted cash flows method, Market multiples
fair value through other comprehensive income method, Option pricing model 169 93
Others – carried at fair value through profit or loss Discounted cash flows method, Market multiples
method, Option pricing model 196 198
Total 23,703 24,837
Note: Certain quoted investments are classified as Level 2 in the absence of active market for such investments.
2.5.1 Details of investments
The details of investments in preference, equity and other instruments at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 are as follows:
(In ₹ crore, except otherwise stated)
Particulars As at March 31,
2025 2024
Preference securities
Investments carried at fair value through other comprehensive income
Airviz, Inc. - -
2,89,695 (2,89,695) Series A Preferred Stock, fully paid up, par value USD 0.001 each
Whoop, Inc. 129 60
1,10,59,340 (1,10,59,340) Series B Preferred Stock, fully paid up, par value USD 0.0001 each
Nivetti Systems Private Limited 38 31
2,28,501 (2,28,501) Preferred Stock, fully paid up, par value ₹1/- each
Investments carried at fair value through profit or loss
Galaxeye Space Solutions Private Limited 17 –
1,210 (Nil) Series A compulsorily convertible cumulative Preference shares of ₹10/- each, fully paid up
4Basecare Precision Health Private Limited 8 –
18,850 (Nil) Series A compulsorily convertible cumulative Preference shares of ₹1/- each, fully paid up
Total investment in preference securities 192 91
Equity Instruments
Investments carried at fair value through other comprehensive income
Merasport Technologies Private Limited – –
2,420 (2,420) equity shares at ₹8,052/- each, fully paid up, par value ₹10/- each
Global Innovation and Technology Alliance 2 2
15,000 (15,000) equity shares at ₹1,000/- each, fully paid up, par value ₹1,000/- each
Ideaforge Technology Limited 57 113
16,47,314 (16,47,314) equity shares at ₹10/-, fully paid up
Investments carried at fair value through profit or loss
Galaxeye Space Solutions Private Limited – –
10 (Nil) equity shares at ₹1,36,080/- each, fully paid up, par value ₹10/- each
Total investment in equity instruments 59 115
Others - Investments carried at fair value through profit or loss
Stellaris Venture Partners India 53 84
UVC Fonds IV GmbH & Co. KG 1 –
The House Fund II, L.P. 102 107
The House Fund III, L.P. 32 7
Yali Deeptech Fund I 8 –
Total investment in others 196 198
Total 447 404
324 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
2.6 Loans
As at March 31,
(In ₹ crore) Particulars
2025 2024
Particulars As at March 31, Unbilled revenues(1)# 8,183 7,923
2025 2024 Interest accrued but not due(1) 842 537
Non Current
Foreign currency forward and
Loans considered good – Unsecured options contracts(2)(3) 192 84
Other loans Net investment in lease(1)
(Refer to Note 2.21) 1,139 710
Loans to employees 16 34
Others(1) 470 221
16 34
Total current other financial assets 13,840 12,085
Loans credit impaired – Unsecured
Total other financial assets 17,351 15,190
Other loans
(1) Financial assets carried at amortized cost 17,159 15,106
Loans to employees 3 2
(2) Financial assets carried at fair value
Less: Allowance for credit
through other comprehensive income 28 23
impairment (3) (2)
(3) Financial assets carried at fair value
– – through profit or loss 164 61
Total non-current loans 16 34
* Restricted deposits represent deposits with financial institutions to settle
Current
employee related obligations as and when they arise during the normal
Loans considered good – Unsecured course of business.
# Classified as financial asset as right to consideration is unconditional and
Other loans
is due only after a passage of time.
Loans to employees 249 248
2.8 Trade receivables
Total current loans 249 248
(In ₹ crore)
Total loans 265 282
Particulars As at March 31,
2.7 Other financial assets 2025 2024
(In ₹ crore) Current
As at March 31, Trade Receivable considered
Particulars good – Unsecured 31,670 30,713
2025 2024
Less: Allowance for expected
Non Current
credit loss 512 520
Security deposits(1) 273 259
Trade Receivable considered
Unbilled revenues(1)# 2,031 1,677 good - Unsecured 31,158 30,193
Restricted deposits(1)* 82 47 Trade Receivable – credit
Net investment in lease(1) impaired – Unsecured 206 196
(Refer to Note 2.21) 1,106 1,114
Less: Allowance for credit
Others(1) 19 8 impairment 206 196
Total non-current other financial Trade Receivable – credit
assets 3,511 3,105 impaired – Unsecured – –
Current Total trade receivables 31,158 30,193
Security deposits(1) 65 75
Restricted deposits(1)* 2,949 2,535
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 325
The trade receivables ageing schedule for the year ended as on March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Not due Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
Less than 6 6 months to 1-2 years 2-3 years More than
months 1 year 3 years
Undisputed trade receivables – considered
good 23,696 7,505 202 223 44 – 31,670
22,572 7,402 319 414 2 4 30,713
Undisputed trade receivables – credit impaired – 5 4 6 6 113 134
3 15 7 6 4 106 141
Disputed trade receivables – considered good – – – – – – –
– – – – – – –
Disputed trade receivables – credit impaired – – – 43 28 1 72
– 1 21 26 2 5 55
23,696 7,510 206 272 78 114 31,876
22,575 7,418 347 446 8 115 30,909
Less: Allowance for credit loss 718
Total Trade Receivables 31,158
30,193
2.9 Cash and cash equivalents 2.10 Other assets
(In ₹ crore) (In ₹ crore)
Particulars As at March 31, Particulars As at March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Balances with banks Non-current
In current and deposit accounts 24,455 14,786 Capital advances 208 155
Cash on hand – – Advances other than capital advances
Total cash and cash equivalents 24,455 14,786 Others
Balances with banks in unpaid Withholding taxes and others 534 673
dividend accounts 45 37
Unbilled revenues# 201 103
Deposit with more than 12 months
Defined benefit plan assets 297 31
maturity 75 57
Prepaid expenses 282 343
Cash and cash equivalents as at March 31, 2025 and March 31,
Deferred Contract Cost
2024 include restricted cash and bank balances of ₹424 crore
Cost of obtaining a contract 312 129
and ₹348 crore, respectively. The restrictions are primarily
on account of bank balances held by irrevocable trusts Cost of fulfillment 879 687
controlled by the Company. Total non-current other assets 2,713 2,121
The deposits maintained by the Group with banks and Current
financial institutions comprise of time deposits, which can be
Advances other than capital advances
withdrawn by the Group at any point without prior notice or
Payment to vendors for supply of
penalty on the principal.
goods 413 356
326 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
(iii) Financial assets carried at fair value through
Particulars As at March 31,
profit or loss (FVTPL)
2025 2024
A financial asset which is not classified in any of the above
Others
categories is subsequently fair valued through profit or loss.
Unbilled revenues # 4,668 4,845
(iv) Financial liabilities
Withholding taxes and others 2,841 3,540
Financial liabilities are subsequently carried at amortized cost
Prepaid expenses 3,080 3,329
using the effective interest method, except for contingent
Deferred Contract Cost
consideration and financial liability under option arrangements
Cost of obtaining a contract 343 200 recognized in a business combination which is subsequently
Cost of fulfillment 504 358 measured at fair value through profit or loss.
Other receivables 91 180
b. Derivative financial instruments
Total current other assets 11,940 12,808
The Group holds derivative financial instruments such as foreign
Total other assets 14,653 14,929 exchange forward and option contracts to mitigate the risk of
changes in exchange rates on foreign currency exposures. The
# Classified as non-financial asset as the contractual right to consideration is counterparty for such contracts is generally a bank.
dependent on completion of contractual milestones.
(i) Financial assets or financial liabilities, carried at fair value
Withholding taxes and others primarily consist of input tax
through profit or loss.
credits and VAT recoverable from tax authorities.
This category includes derivative financial assets or liabilities
2.11 Financial instruments which are not designated as hedges.
Accounting policy Although the Group believes that these derivatives constitute
2.11.1 Initial recognition hedges from an economic perspective, they may not qualify
for hedge accounting under Ind AS 109, Financial Instruments.
The Group recognizes financial assets and financial liabilities
Any derivative that is either not designated as hedge, or
when it becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the
is so designated but is ineffective as per Ind AS 109, is
instrument. All financial assets and liabilities are recognized
categorized as a financial asset or financial liability, at fair value
at fair value on initial recognition, except for trade receivables
through profit or loss.
which are initially measured at transaction price. Transaction
costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue Derivatives not designated as hedges are recognized initially at
of financial assets and financial liabilities, which are not at fair fair value and attributable transaction costs are recognized in
value through profit or loss, are added to the fair value on initial net profit in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss when
recognition. Regular way purchase and sale of financial assets are incurred. Subsequent to initial recognition, these derivatives are
accounted for at trade date. measured at fair value through profit or loss and the resulting
exchange gains or losses are included in other income. Assets/
2.11.2 Subsequent measurement liabilities in this category are presented as current assets/current
a. Non-derivative financial instruments liabilities if they are either held for trading or are expected to be
realized within 12 months after the Balance Sheet date.
(i) Financial assets carried at amortized cost
(ii) Cash flow hedge
A financial asset is subsequently measured at amortized cost
if it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold Primarily, the Group designates certain foreign exchange
the asset in order to collect contractual cash flows and the forward and options contracts as cash flow hedges to mitigate
contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified the risk of foreign exchange exposure on highly probable
dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and forecast cash transactions.
interest on the principal amount outstanding.
When a derivative is designated as a cash flow hedging
(ii) Financial assets carried at fair value through other instrument, the effective portion of changes in the fair value
comprehensive income (FVOCI) of the derivative is recognized in other comprehensive income
and accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve. Any
A financial asset is subsequently measured at fair value through
ineffective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative
other comprehensive income if it is held within a business model
is recognized immediately in the net profit in the Consolidated
whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash
Statement of Profit and Loss. If the hedging instrument no longer
flows and selling financial assets and the contractual terms of the
meets the criteria for hedge accounting, then hedge accounting
financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are
is discontinued prospectively. If the hedging instrument expires
solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount
or is sold, terminated or exercised, the cumulative gain or loss
outstanding. The Group has made an irrevocable election for
on the hedging instrument recognized in cash flow hedging
certain investments which are classified as equity instruments
reserve till the period the hedge was effective remains in cash
to present the subsequent changes in fair value in other
flow hedging reserve until the forecasted transaction occurs.
comprehensive income based on its business model.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 327
The cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in the cash Refer to table 'Financial instruments by category' below for the
flow hedging reserve is transferred to the net profit in the disclosure on carrying value and fair value of financial assets and
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss upon the occurrence liabilities. For financial assets and liabilities maturing within one
of the related forecasted transaction. If the forecasted year from the Balance Sheet date and which are not carried at fair
transaction is no longer expected to occur, then the amount value, the carrying amounts approximates fair value due to the
accumulated in cash flow hedging reserve is reclassified to net short maturity of these instruments.
profit in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss.
2.11.5 Impairment
2.11.3 Derecognition of financial instruments The Group recognizes loss allowances using the expected credit
The Group derecognizes a financial asset when the contractual loss (ECL) model for the financial assets and unbilled revenue
rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire or which are not fair valued through profit or loss. Loss allowance
it transfers the financial asset and the transfer qualifies for for trade receivables and unbilled revenues with no significant
derecognition under Ind AS 109. A financial liability (or a financing component is measured at an amount equal to
part of a financial liability) is derecognized from the Group's lifetime ECL. For all other financial assets, ECLs are measured at
Balance Sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is an amount equal to the 12-month ECL, unless there has been a
discharged or cancelled or expires. significant increase in credit risk from initial recognition in which
case those are measured at lifetime ECL.
2.11.4 Fair value of financial instruments
The Group determines the allowance for credit losses
In determining the fair value of its financial instruments, based on historical loss experience adjusted to reflect
the Group uses a variety of methods and assumptions current and estimated future economic conditions. The
that are based on market conditions and risks existing at Group considers current and anticipated future economic
each reporting date. The methods used to determine fair conditions relating to industries the Group deals with and the
value include discounted cash flow analysis, option pricing countries where it operates.
model, market multiples, available quoted market prices and
dealer quotes. All methods of assessing fair value result in The amount of ECL (or reversal) that is required to adjust the loss
general approximation of value, and such value may never allowance at the reporting date to the amount that is required
actually be realized. to be recorded is recognized as an impairment loss or gain in
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss.
Financial instruments by category
The carrying value and fair value of financial instruments by categories as at March 31, 2025 are as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Amortized Financial assets / liabilities Financial assets / liabilities Total Total fair
cost at fair value through profit at fair value through OCI carrying value
or loss value
Designated Mandatory Equity Mandatory
upon initial instruments
recognition designated
upon initial
recognition
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents (Refer to
Note 2.9) 24,455 – – – – 24,455 24,455
Investments (Refer to Note 2.5)
Equity and preference securities – 25 – 226 – 251 251
Tax-free bonds and government
bonds 1,650 – – – – 1,650 1,812(1)
Liquid mutual fund units – – 1,957 – – 1,957 1,957
Target maturity fund units – – 465 – – 465 465
Non convertible debentures – – – – 4,869 4,869 4,869
Government securities – – – – 7,008 7,008 7,008
Certificates of deposit – – – – 3,504 3,504 3,504
Commercial paper – – – – 3,641 3,641 3,641
Other investments – – 196 – – 196 196
Trade receivables (Refer to Note 2.8) 31,158 – – – – 31,158 31,158
Loans (Refer to Note 2.6) 265 – – – – 265 265
Other financials assets
(Refer to Note 2.7)(3) 17,159 – 164 – 28 17,351 17,271(2)
Total 74,687 25 2,782 226 19,050 96,770 96,852
328 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Particulars Amortized Financial assets / liabilities Financial assets / liabilities Total Total fair
cost at fair value through profit at fair value through OCI carrying value
or loss value
Designated Mandatory Equity Mandatory
upon initial instruments
recognition designated
upon initial
recognition
Liabilities
Trade payables (Refer to Note 2.14) 4,164 – – – – 4,164 4,164
Lease liabilities (Refer to Note 2.21) 8,227 – – – – 8,227 8,227
Financial Liability under option
arrangements (Refer to Note 2.13) – – 667 – – 667 667
Other financial liabilities
(Refer to Note 2.13) 16,511 – 61 – 33 16,605 16,605
Total 28,902 – 728 – 33 29,663 29,663
(1) On account of fair value changes including interest accrued.
(2) Excludes interest accrued on tax-free bonds and government bonds carried at amortized cost of ₹80 crore.
(3) Excludes unbilled revenue on contracts where the right to consideration is dependent on completion of contractual milestones.
The carrying value and fair value of financial instruments by categories as at March 31, 2024 were as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Amortized Financial assets / liabilities Financial assets / liabilities Total Total fair
cost at fair value through at fair value through OCI carrying value
profit or loss value
Designated Mandatory Equity Mandatory
upon initial instruments
recognition designated
upon initial
recognition
Assets
Cash and cash
equivalents (Refer to Note 2.9) 14,786 – – – – 14,786 14,786
Investments (Refer to Note 2.5)
Equity and preference securities – – – 206 – 206 206
Tax-free bonds and government
bonds 1,759 – – – – 1,759 1,973(1)
Liquid mutual fund units – – 2,615 – – 2,615 2,615
Target maturity fund units – – 431 – – 431 431
Non-convertible debentures – – – – 4,179 4,179 4,179
Government securities – – – – 7,362 7,362 7,362
Commercial paper – – – – 4,830 4,830 4,830
Certificates of deposit – – – – 3,043 3,043 3,043
Other investments – – 198 – – 198 198
Trade receivables (Refer to Note 2.8) 30,193 – – – – 30,193 30,193
Loans (Refer to Note 2.6) 282 – – – – 282 282
Other financial assets
(Refer to Note 2.7)(3) 15,106 – 61 – 23 15,190 15,106(2)
Total 62,126 – 3,305 206 19,437 85,074 85,204
Liabilities
Trade payables (Refer to Note 2.14) 3,956 – – – – 3,956 3,956
Lease liabilities (Refer to Note 2.21) 8,359 – – – – 8,359 8,359
Financial liability under option
arrangements (Refer to Note 2.13) – – 597 – – 597 597
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 329
Particulars Amortized Financial assets / liabilities Financial assets / liabilities Total Total fair
cost at fair value through at fair value through OCI carrying value
profit or loss value
Designated Mandatory Equity Mandatory
upon initial instruments
recognition designated
upon initial
recognition
Other financial liabilities
(Refer to Note 2.13) 15,750 – 30 – 1 15,781 15,781
Total 28,065 – 627 – 1 28,693 28,693
(1) On account of fair value changes including interest accrued.
(2) Excludes interest accrued on tax-free bonds and government bonds carried at amortized cost of ₹84 crore.
(3) Excludes unbilled revenue on contracts where the right to consideration is dependent on completion of contractual milestones.
For trade receivables, trade payables, other assets and payables maturing within one year from the Balance Sheet date, the carrying
amounts approximate the fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments.
Fair value hierarchy
Level 1 – Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2 – Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices)
or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
Level 3 – Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
The fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as at March 31, 2025 is as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars As at Fair value measurement at end of the
March 31, reporting period using
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Assets
Investments (Refer to Note 2.5)
Investments in liquid mutual fund units 1,957 1,957 – –
Investments in target maturity fund units 465 465 – –
Investments in tax-free bonds 1,781 1,227 554 –
Investments in government bonds 31 31 – –
Investments in non convertible debentures 4,869 4,869 – –
Investment in government securities 7,008 6,972 36 –
Investments in commercial paper 3,641 – 3,641 –
Investments in certificates of deposit 3,504 – 3,504 –
Investments in equity instruments 59 57 – 2
Investments in preference securities 192 – – 192
Other investments 196 – – 196
Others
Derivative financial instruments - gain (Refer to Note 2.13) 192 – 192 –
Liabilities
Derivative financial instruments - loss (Refer to Note 2.13) 63 – 63 –
Financial liability under option arrangements (Refer to Note 2.13)(1) 667 – – 667
Liability towards contingent consideration (Refer to Note 2.13)(2) 31 – – 31
(1) Discount rate ranges from 9% to 15%
(2) Discount rate - 6%
330 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
During the year ended March 31, 2025, government securities and non convertible debentures of ₹297 crore was transferred from Level
2 to Level 1 of fair value hierarchy, since these were valued based on quoted price. Further, tax free bonds of ₹554 crore were transferred
from Level 1 to Level 2 of fair value hierarchy, since these were valued based on market observable inputs.
The fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as at March 31, 2024 was as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars As at Fair value measurement at end of the
March 31, reporting period using
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Assets
Investments (Refer to Note 2.5)
Investments in liquid mutual fund units 2,615 2,615 – –
Investments in target maturity fund units 431 431 – –
Investments in tax-free bonds 1,944 1,944 – –
Investments in government bonds 29 29 – –
Investments in non convertible debentures 4,179 3,922 257 –
Investment in government securities 7,362 7,289 73 –
Investments in equity instruments 115 113 – 2
Investments in preference securities 91 – – 91
Investments in commercial paper 4,830 – 4,830 –
Investments in certificates of deposit 3,043 – 3,043 –
Other investments 198 – – 198
Others
Derivative financial instruments - gain (Refer to Note 2.13) 84 – 84 –
Liabilities
Derivative financial instruments - loss (Refer to Note 2.13) 31 – 31 –
Financial liability under option arrangements (Refer to Note 2.13)(1) 597 – – 597
(1) Discount rate ranges from 9% to 15%.
During the year ended March 31, 2024, government securities, including Tier I capital, Capital Adequacy Ratio, Credit Rating,
non convertible debentures and tax-free bonds of Profitability, NPA levels and Deposit base of banks and financial
₹2,143 crore was transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 of fair institutions. These risks are monitored regularly as per the
value hierarchy, since these were valued based on quoted Group's risk management program.
price. Further, government securities of ₹73 crore were
transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 of fair value hierarchy, since Financial risk management
these were valued based on market observable inputs.
Financial risk factors
A one percentage point change in the unobservable inputs The Group's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks:
used in fair valuation of Level 3 assets and liabilities does not market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group's primary
have a significant impact in its value. focus is to foresee the unpredictability of financial markets
and seek to minimize potential adverse effects on its financial
Majority of investments of the Group are fair valued based on
performance. The primary market risk to the Group is foreign
Level 1 or Level 2 inputs. These investments primarily include
exchange risk. The Group uses derivative financial instruments
investment in liquid mutual fund units, target maturity fund
to mitigate foreign exchange related risk exposures. The Group's
units, tax-free bonds, certificates of deposit, commercial
exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual
papers, treasury bills, government securities, non-convertible
characteristic of each customer and the concentration of risk
debentures, quoted bonds issued by government and
from the top few customers.
quasi-government organizations. The Group invests after
considering counterparty risks based on multiple criteria
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 331
Market risk in exchange rates on foreign currency exposures. The Group is
The Group operates internationally and a major portion of the also exposed to foreign exchange risk arising on intercompany
business is transacted in several currencies and consequently transaction in foreign currencies. The exchange rate between
the Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk through its sales the Indian rupee and foreign currencies has changed
and services in the United States and elsewhere, and purchases substantially in recent years and may fluctuate substantially in
from overseas suppliers in various foreign currencies. The Group the future. Consequently, the results of the Group’s operations
holds derivative financial instruments such as foreign exchange are adversely affected as the rupee appreciates/ depreciates
forward and option contracts to mitigate the risk of changes against these currencies.
The analysis of foreign currency risk from financial assets and liabilities as at March 31, 2025 is as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars US Dollar Euro United Australian Other Total
Kingdom Dollar currencies
Pound
Sterling
Net financial assets 26,821 11,791 2,228 1,356 3,090 45,286
Net financial liabilities (13,154) (3,766) (1,026) (706) (2,161) (20,813)
Total 13,667 8,025 1,202 650 929 24,473
The analysis of foreign currency risk from financial assets and liabilities as at March 31, 2024 was as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars US Dollar Euro United Australian Other Total
Kingdom Dollar currencies
Pound
Sterling
Net financial assets 26,126 9,559 2,153 1,479 2,917 42,234
Net financial liabilities (11,925) (3,378) (710) (813) (2,218) (19,044)
Total 14,201 6,181 1,443 666 699 23,190
Sensitivity analysis between Indian rupee and US Dollar
Year ended March 31,
Particulars
2025 2024
Impact on the Group's incremental operating margins 0.43% 0.43%
Sensitivity analysis is computed based on the changes in the income and expenses in foreign currency upon conversion into functional
currency, due to exchange rate fluctuations between the previous reporting period and the current reporting period.
Derivative financial instruments
The Group primarily holds derivative financial instruments such as foreign currency forward and option contracts to mitigate the risk
of changes in exchange rates on foreign currency exposures. The counterparty for these contracts is generally a bank. These derivative
financial instruments are valued based on quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are directly or
indirectly observable in the marketplace.
The details in respect of outstanding foreign currency forward and option contracts are as follows:
Particulars As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
In million In ₹ crore In million In ₹ crore
Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges
Forward contracts
In Swiss Franc 53 513 – –
In Euro – – 30 270
Option contracts
332 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Particulars As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
In million In ₹ crore In million In ₹ crore
In Euro 341 3,140 236 2,121
In Australian Dollars 93 500 106 573
In United Kingdom Pound Sterling 17 188 35 368
Other derivatives
Forward contracts
In US Dollars 1,284 10,976 1,423 11,866
In Euro 698 6,432 574 5,163
In Singapore Dollars 133 849 171 1,046
In United Kingdom Pound Sterling 53 589 86 902
In Swiss Franc 51 495 17 158
In Danish Krone 152 188 100 121
In New Zealand Dollars 37 181 30 149
In Norwegian Krone 167 136 130 100
In Australian Dollars 24 126 14 75
In Philippine Peso 500 75 – –
In Czech Koruna 176 64 374 135
In Hungarian Forint 2,000 44 2,500 57
In Hongkong Dollar 40 44 – –
In Canadian Dollars – – 15 92
In Chinese Yuan – – 43 49
In South African Rand – – 85 37
Option contracts
In US Dollars 796 6,800 543 4,527
In Euro 179 1,648 100 897
In Australian Dollars 11 57 20 111
Total forwards and options contracts 33,045 28,817
The Group recognized a net loss of ₹99 crore during the year During the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, the
ended March 31, 2025 and a net gain of ₹186 crore for the year Group has designated certain foreign exchange forward and
ended March 31, 2024, respectively, on derivative financial option contracts as cash flow hedges to mitigate the risk of
instruments not designated as cash flow hedges which are foreign exchange exposure on highly probable forecast cash
included in other income. transactions. The related hedge transactions for balance in
cash flow hedges as of March 31, 2025 are expected to occur
The foreign exchange forward and option contracts mature
and will be reclassified to the Consolidated Statement of Profit
within 12 months. The table below analyses the derivative
and Loss within three months.
financial instruments into relevant maturity groupings based on
the remaining period as at the Balance Sheet date: The Group determines the existence of an economic
relationship between the hedging instrument and the
(In ₹ crore) hedged item based on the currency, amount and timing of
its forecasted cash flows. Hedge effectiveness is determined
Particulars As at March 31,
at the inception of the hedge relationship, and through
2025 2024
periodic prospective effectiveness assessments to ensure
Not later than one month 15,506 10,877 that an economic relationship exists between the hedged
item and hedging instrument, including whether the
Later than one month and not later
than three months 16,641 15,963 hedging instrument is expected to offset changes in cash
flows of hedged items.
Later than three months and not later
than one year 898 1,977 If the hedge ratio for risk management purposes is no
Total 33,045 28,817 longer optimal but the risk management objective remains
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 333
unchanged and the hedge continues to qualify for hedge
Year ended March 31,
accounting, the hedge relationship will be rebalanced by Particulars
adjusting either the volume of the hedging instrument or 2025 2024
the volume of the hedged item so that the hedge ratio aligns Gain / (Loss) recognized in other
with the ratio used for risk management purposes. Any comprehensive income during the
hedge ineffectiveness is calculated and accounted for in the year (5) 8
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss at the time of the Amount reclassified to profit or loss
hedge relationship rebalancing. during the year (27) 7
The following table provides reconciliation of cash flow hedge Tax impact on above 8 (4)
reserve for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024: Balance at the end of the year (18) 6
(In ₹ crore)
The Group offsets a financial asset and a financial liability when it
Year ended March 31, currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized
Particulars amounts and the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or
2025 2024
to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
Gain / (Loss)
Balance at the beginning of the year 6 (5)
The quantitative information about offsetting of derivative financial assets and derivative financial liabilities is as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Derivative Derivative Derivative Derivative
financial asset financial liability financial asset financial liability
Gross amount of recognized financial asset/liability 250 (121) 98 (45)
Amount set off (58) 58 (14) 14
Net amount presented in Balance Sheet 192 (63) 84 (31)
Credit risk The Group's exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly
Credit risk refers to the risk of default on its obligation by by the individual characteristic of each customer and the
the counterparty resulting in a financial loss. The maximum concentration of risk from the top few customers. Exposure
exposure to the credit risk at the reporting date is primarily to customers is diversified and there is no single customer
from trade receivables amounting to ₹31,158 crore and ₹30,193 contributing more than 10% of outstanding trade receivables
crore as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively and and unbilled revenues.
unbilled revenues amounting to ₹15,083 crore and ₹14,548 crore
The details in respect of percentage of revenues generated from
as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively. Trade
top five customers are as follows:
receivables and unbilled revenues are typically unsecured and
are derived from revenues from customers primarily located (In %)
in the United States of America and Europe. Credit risk has
Particulars Year ended March 31,
always been managed by the Group through credit approvals,
establishing credit limits and continuously monitoring the 2025 2024
creditworthiness of customers to which the Group grants credit Revenue from top five customers 13.2 13.3
terms in the normal course of business. The Group uses the
Revenue from top ten customers 20.5 20.0
expected credit loss model to assess any required allowances;
and uses a provision matrix to compute the expected credit Credit risk exposure
loss allowance for trade receivables and unbilled revenues. This
The Group’s credit period generally ranges from 30-75 days.
matrix takes into account credit reports and other related credit
information to the extent available. The allowance for lifetime ECL on customer balances for the year
ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 was ₹108 crore and
₹90 crore, respectively.
334 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
The movement in credit loss allowance on customer the latest available credit ratings as at the date of approval of
balance is as follows: these Consolidated financial statements.
The investments of the Group primarily include investment in
(In ₹ crore)
liquid mutual fund units, target maturity fund units, tax-free
Particulars Year ended March 31, bonds, certificates of deposit, commercial paper, treasury
2025 2024 bills, government securities, non-convertible debentures,
quoted bonds issued by government and quasi government
Balance at the beginning 953 961
organizations. The Group invests after considering counterparty
Impairment loss
risks based on multiple criteria including Tier I Capital, Capital
recognized / (reversed), net 108 90 Adequacy Ratio, credit rating, profitability, NPA levels and
Amounts written off (91) (98) deposit base of banks and financial institutions. These risks are
monitored regularly as per Group’s risk management program.
Translation differences 3 –
Balance at the end 973 953
Liquidity risk
The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that the Group will not be able
off (either partially or in full) when there is no realistic to settle or meet its obligations on time.
prospect of recovery.
The Group's principal sources of liquidity are cash and
Credit exposure cash equivalents and the cash flow that is generated from
operations. The Group has no outstanding borrowings. The
(In ₹ crore) Group believes that the working capital is sufficient to meet its
current requirements.
Particulars Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 As at March 31, 2025, the Group had a working capital of
₹54,249 crore including cash and cash equivalents of ₹24,455
Trade receivables 31,158 30,193
crore and current investments of ₹12,482 crore. As at March
Unbilled revenues 15,082 14,548 31, 2024, the Group had a working capital of ₹50,638 crore
including cash and cash equivalents of ₹14,786 crore and current
Days sales outstanding was 69 days and 71 days as of March 31,
investments of ₹12,915 crore.
2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively.
As at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, the outstanding
Credit risk on cash and cash equivalents is limited as the Group
compensated absences were ₹3,007 crore and ₹2,711 crore,
generally invest in deposits with banks with high ratings
respectively, which have been substantially funded. Accordingly,
assigned by international and domestic credit rating agencies.
no liquidity risk is perceived.
Ratings are monitored periodically and the Group has considered
Refer to Note 2.21 Leases for remaining contractual maturities
of lease liabilities.
The details regarding the contractual maturities of significant financial liabilities as at March 31, 2025 are as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-4 years 4-7 years Total
Trade payables 4,164 – – – 4,164
Other financial liabilities (excluding liability towards contingent
consideration) on an undiscounted basis (Refer to Note 2.13) 14,606 1,750 145 12 16,513
Financial liability under option arrangements on an
undiscounted basis (Refer to Note 2.13) 612 – 149 – 761
Liability towards contingent consideration on an undiscounted
basis (Refer to Note 2.13) 12 21 – – 33
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 335
The details regarding the contractual maturities of significant financial liabilities as at March 31, 2024 were as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-4 years 4-7 years Total
Trade payables 3,956 – – – 3,956
Other financial liabilities (excluding liability towards contingent
consideration) (Refer to Note 2.13) 13,820 1,321 570 67 15,778
Financial liability under option arrangements on an
undiscounted basis (Refer to Note 2.13) 554 – – 136 690
Liability towards contingent consideration on an undiscounted
basis (Refer to Note 2.13) – – – – –
2.12 Equity Share options outstanding account
Accounting policy The share options outstanding account is used to record the fair
Ordinary shares value of equity-settled share-based payment transactions with
employees. The amounts recorded in share options outstanding
Ordinary shares are classified as equity share capital. Incremental
account are transferred to securities premium upon exercise of
costs directly attributable to the issuance of new ordinary shares,
stock options and transferred to general reserve on account of
share options and buyback are recognized as a deduction from
stock options not exercised by employees.
equity, net of any tax effects.
Special Economic Zone Re-investment reserve
Treasury shares
The Special Economic Zone Re-investment reserve has been
When any entity within the Group purchases the Company's
created out of the profit of the eligible SEZ unit in terms of the
ordinary shares, the consideration paid including any directly
provisions of Section 10AA (1)(ii) of Income Tax Act, 1961. The
attributable incremental cost is presented as a deduction
reserve should be utilized by the Company for acquiring new
from total equity, until they are cancelled, sold or reissued.
plant and machinery for the purpose of its business in terms of
When treasury shares are sold or reissued subsequently, the
the provisions of the Section 10AA (2) of the Income Tax Act, 1961.
amount received is recognized as an increase in equity, and the
resulting surplus or deficit on the transaction is transferred to / Other components of equity
from securities premium.
Other components of equity include currency translation,
remeasurement of net defined benefit liability/asset, equity
Description of reserves
instruments fair valued through other comprehensive income,
Capital Redemption Reserve changes on fair valuation of investments and changes in fair
value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, net of taxes.
In accordance with Section 69 of the Indian Companies Act, 2013,
the Company creates capital redemption reserve equal to the Currency translation reserve
nominal value of the shares bought back as an appropriation
The exchange differences arising from the translation of financial
from general reserve/retained earnings.
statements of foreign subsidiaries with functional currency other
Retained earnings than Indian rupees is recognized in other comprehensive income
and is presented within equity.
Retained earnings represent the amount of accumulated
earnings of the Group. Cash flow hedge reserve
Securities premium When a derivative is designated as a cash flow hedging
instrument, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of
The amount received in excess of the par value of equity
the derivative is recognized in other comprehensive income and
shares has been classified as securities premium. Amounts
accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve. The cumulative
have been utilized for bonus issue and share buyback from
gain or loss previously recognized in the cash flow hedging
share premium account.
reserve is transferred to the Consolidated Statement of Profit and
Loss upon the occurrence of the related forecasted transaction.
336 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
2.12.1 Equity share capital The Company has only one class of shares referred to as equity
shares having a par value of ₹5/-. Each holder of equity shares is
(In ₹ crore, except as otherwise stated)
entitled to one vote per share. The equity shares represented by
Particulars Year ended March 31, American Depositary Shares (ADS) carry similar rights to voting
2025 2024 and dividends as the other equity shares. Each ADS represents
one underlying equity share.
Authorized
Equity shares, ₹5 par value In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity
shares will be entitled to receive any of the remaining assets
480,00,00,000 (480,00,00,000) equity
of the Company in proportion to the number of equity shares
shares 2,400 2,400
held by the shareholders, after distribution of all preferential
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-Up
amounts. However, no such preferential amounts exist currently,
Equity shares, ₹5 par value(1) 2,073 2,071 other than the amounts held by irrevocable controlled trusts. For
414,36,07,528 (413,99,50,635) equity irrevocable controlled trusts, the corpus would be settled in favor
shares fully paid-up(2) of the beneficiaries.
2,073 2,071 There are no voting, dividend or liquidation rights to the holders
of options issued under the company's share option plans
Note: Forfeited shares amounted to ₹1,500 (₹1,500)
For details of shares reserved for issue under the employee stock
(1) Refer to Note 2.23 for details of basic and diluted shares
option plan of the Company, refer to the note below.
(2) Net of treasury shares 96,55,927 (1,09,16,829)
In the period of five years immediately preceding March 31, 2025:
Buyback
In the period of five years immediately preceding March 31, 2025, the Company had purchased and extinguished a total of 11,62,33,685
fully paid-up equity shares of face value ₹5/- each from the stock exchange. The Company has only one class of equity shares.
Capital allocation policy
Effective from financial year 2025, the Company expects to continue its policy of returning approximately 85% of the free cash flow
cumulatively over a five-year period through a combination of semi-annual dividends and/or share buyback/ special dividends subject to
applicable laws and requisite approvals, if any. Under this policy, the Company expects to progressively increase its annual dividend per
share (excluding special dividend if any).
Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditure as per the consolidated statement of cash
flows prepared under IFRS. Dividend and buyback include applicable taxes.
The Company’s objective when managing capital is to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern and to maintain an optimal
capital structure so as to maximize shareholder value. In order to maintain or achieve an optimal capital structure, the Company may
adjust the amount of dividend payment, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or buy back issued shares. As of March 31, 2025,
the Company has only one class of equity shares and has no debt. Consequent to the above capital structure, there are no externally
imposed capital requirements.
2.12.2 Shareholding of promoter
Shares held by promoters as at March 31, 2025 and the change during the year ended March 31, 2025 are as follows:
Promoter name No. of shares % of total shares % change during the year
Sudha Gopalakrishnan 9,53,57,000 2.30 –
Rohan Murty 6,08,12,892 1.46 –
S. Gopalakrishnan 3,18,53,808 0.77 –
Nandan M. Nilekani 4,07,83,162 0.98 –
Akshata Murty 3,89,57,096 0.94 –
Asha Dinesh 3,85,79,304 0.93 –
Sudha N. Murty 3,45,50,626 0.83 –
Rohini Nilekani 3,43,35,092 0.83 –
Dinesh Krishnaswamy 3,24,79,590 0.78 –
Shreyas Shibulal 1,99,29,860 0.48 (6.54)
N. R. Narayana Murthy 1,51,45,638 0.36 –
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 337
Promoter name No. of shares % of total shares % change during the year
Nihar Nilekani 1,26,77,752 0.31 –
Janhavi Nilekani 85,89,721 0.21 –
Kumari Shibulal 49,45,935 0.12 –
Deeksha Dinesh 76,46,684 0.18 –
Divya Dinesh 76,46,684 0.18 –
Meghana Gopalakrishnan 1,48,34,928 0.36 –
Shruti Shibulal 87,05,651 0.21 218.01
S. D. Shibulal 52,08,673 0.13 –
Promoters Group
Ekagrah Rohan Murty 15,00,000 0.04 –
Gaurav Manchanda 57,73,233 0.14 (53.90)
Milan Shibulal Manchanda 61,06,302 0.15 (6.25)
Nikita Shibulal Manchanda 61,06,302 0.15 (6.25)
Bhairavi Madhusudhan Shibulal 54,27,875 0.13 (9.86)
Shray Chandra 7,19,424 0.02 –
Tanush Nilekani Chandra 33,56,017 0.08 –
The percentage shareholding above has been computed considering the outstanding number of shares of 415,32,63,455
as at March 31, 2025.
2.12.3 Dividend
The final dividend on shares is recorded as a liability on the date of approval by the shareholders and interim dividends are recorded as a
liability on the date of declaration by the Company's Board of Directors. Income tax consequences of dividends on financial instruments
classified as equity will be recognized according to where the entity originally recognized those past transactions or events that
generated distributable profits.
The Company declares and pays dividends in Indian rupees. Companies are required to pay/distribute dividend after deducting
applicable taxes. The remittance of dividends outside India is governed by Indian law on foreign exchange and is also subject to
withholding tax at applicable rates.
The amount of per share dividend recognized as distribution During the year ended March 31, 2025, on account of the final
to equity shareholders in accordance with Companies and special dividend for fiscal 2024 and interim dividend for fiscal
Act 2013 is as follows: 2025, the Company has incurred a net cash outflow of ₹20,295
crore (excluding dividend paid on treasury shares)
(In ₹)
The Board of Directors in their meeting held on April 17, 2025
Particulars Year ended March 31, recommended a final dividend of ₹22/- per equity share for the
2025 2024 financial year ended March 31, 2025. The payment is subject to
the approval of shareholders in the AGM of the Company to be
Interim dividend for fiscal 2025 21.00 –
held on June 25, 2025 and if approved, would result in a net cash
Special dividend for fiscal 2024 8.00 – outflow of approximately ₹9,116 crore (excluding dividend paid
Final dividend for fiscal 2024 20.00 – on treasury shares).
Interim dividend for fiscal 2024 – 18.00
Final dividend for fiscal 2023 – 17.50
The details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 are as follows:
Name of the shareholder As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Number of shares % held Number of shares % held
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (Depository of ADR's – legal
ownership) 43,98,60,715 10.59 44,24,17,564 10.66
Life Insurance Corporation of India 38,81,12,531 9.34 38,59,52,941 9.30
338 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
The reconciliation of the number of shares outstanding and the amount of share capital as at March 31, 2025 and
March 31, 2024 are as follows:
(In ₹ crore, except as stated otherwise)
Particulars As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Number of shares Amount Number of shares Amount
As at the beginning of the year 413,99,50,635 2,071 413,63,87,925 2,069
Add: Shares issued on exercise of employee stock options 36,56,893 2 35,62,710 2
As at the end of the year 414,36,07,528 2,073 413,99,50,635 2,071
2.12.4 Employee Stock Option Plan (ESOP): will be distinct for the purposes of calculation of quantity of
Accounting policy shares to vest based on performance. These instruments will
generally vest between a minimum of 1 to maximum of 3 years
The Group recognizes compensation expense relating to share- from the grant date.
based payments in net profit based on estimated fair values of
the awards on the grant date. The estimated fair value of awards 2015 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan ("the 2015 Plan")
is recognized as an expense in the Statement of profit and loss On March 31, 2016, pursuant to the approval by the shareholders
on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each through postal ballot, the Board was authorized to introduce,
separately vesting portion of the award as if the award was offer, issue and allot share-based incentives to eligible
in-substance, multiple awards with a corresponding increase to employees of the Company and its subsidiaries under the 2015
share options outstanding account. Stock Incentive Compensation Plan. The maximum number of
Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Program shares under the 2015 Plan shall not exceed 2,40,38,883 equity
2019 ("the 2019 Plan") shares (this includes 1,12,23,576 equity shares which are held
by the trust towards the 2011 Plan as at March 31, 2016). These
On June 22, 2019, pursuant to approval by the shareholders in instruments will generally vest over a period of 4 years. The
the Annual General Meeting, the Board has been authorized to plan numbers mentioned above are further adjusted with the
introduce, offer, issue and provide share-based incentives to September 2018 bonus issue.
eligible employees of the Company and its subsidiaries under
the 2019 Plan. The maximum number of shares under the 2019 The equity-settled and cash-settled RSUs and stock options
Plan shall not exceed 5,00,00,000 equity shares. To implement would vest generally over a period of 4 years and shall be
the 2019 Plan, up to 4,50,00,000 equity shares may be issued exercisable within the period as approved by the Nomination
by way of secondary acquisition of shares by Infosys Expanded and Remuneration Committee (NARC). The exercise price of
Stock Ownership Trust. The Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) granted the RSUs will be equal to the par value of the shares and the
under the 2019 Plan shall vest based on the achievement of exercise price of the stock options would be the market price as
defined annual performance parameters as determined by the on the date of grant.
administrator (Nomination and Remuneration Committee). The Controlled trust holds 96,55,927 and 1,09,16,829 shares as at
performance parameters will be based on a combination of March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively, under the 2015
relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR) against selected industry Plan. Out of these shares, 2,00,000 equity shares each have been
peers and certain broader market domestic and global indices earmarked for welfare activities of the employees as at March 31,
and operating performance metrics of the Company as decided 2025 and March 31, 2024.
by administrator. Each of the above performance parameters
The summary of grants made during year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
Particulars 2019 Plan 2015 Plan
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Equity-Settled RSUs
Key Management Personnel (KMP) 1,19,699 1,41,171 3,80,842 4,98,730
Employees other than KMP 36,24,646 40,46,731 18,74,690 46,40,640
37,44,345 41,87,902 22,55,532 51,39,370
Cash-settled RSUs
Key Management Personnel (KMP) – – – –
Employees other than KMP – – 94,050 1,76,990
– – 94,050 1,76,990
Total Grants 37,44,345 41,87,902 23,49,582 53,16,360
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 339
Notes on grants to KMP
CEO & MD
Under the 2015 Plan
The Board, on April 18, 2024, based on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, approved the following
grants for fiscal 2025. In accordance with such approval the following grants were made effective May 2, 2024.
• 2,45,679 performance-based RSUs (Annual performance equity grant) of fair value of ₹34.75 crore. These RSUs will vest in line with
the employment agreement based on achievement of certain performance targets.
• 14,140 performance-based grant of RSUs (Annual performance equity ESG grant) of fair value of ₹2 crore. These RSUs will vest in line
with the employment agreement based on achievement of certain environment, social and governance milestones as determined by
the Board.
• 35,349 performance-based grant of RSUs (Annual performance Equity TSR grant) of fair value of ₹5 crore . These RSUs will vest in line
with the employment agreement based on Company’s performance on cumulative relative TSR over the years and as determined by
the Board.
Further, in accordance with the employee agreement which has been approved by the shareholders, the CEO is eligible to receive an
annual grant of RSUs of fair value ₹3 crore which will vest overtime in three equal annual installments upon the completion of each
year of service from the respective grant date. Accordingly, annual time-based grant of 16,204 RSUs was made effective February 1,
2025 for fiscal 2025.
Though the annual time-based grants and annual performance equity TSR grant for the remaining employment term ending on March
31, 2027 have not been granted as of March 31, 2025, since the service commencement date precedes the grant date, the Company
has recorded employment stock compensation expense in accordance with Ind AS 102, Share based payments. The grant date for this
purpose in accordance with Ind AS 102,
Share based payment is July 01, 2022.
Under the 2019 Plan
The Board, on April 18, 2024, based on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, approved performance-
based grant of RSUs amounting to ₹10 crore for fiscal 2025 under the 2019 Plan. These RSUs will vest based on achievement of certain
performance targets. Accordingly, 70,699 performance-based RSU’s were granted effective May 2, 2024.
Other KMP
Under the 2015 Plan
During the year ended March 31, 2025, based on recommendations of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board approved
69,470 time-based RSUs to other KMP under the 2015 Plan. Time-based RSUs will vest over four years.
Under the 2019 Plan
During the year ended March 31, 2025, based on recommendations of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board approved
performance-based grants of 49,000 RSUs to other KMPs under the 2019 Plan. These RSUs will vest over three years based on
achievement of certain performance targets.
The break-up of employee stock compensation expense is as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Year ended March 31,
2025 2024
Granted to:
KMP 70 68
Employees other than KMP 732 584
Total (1) 802 652
(1) Cash-settled stock compensation expense included in the above 17 13
340 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
The activity in the 2015 and 2019 Plan for equity-settled share-based payment transactions during the year ended March 31, 2025 and
March 31, 2024 is as follows:
Particulars Year ended March 31, 2025 Year ended March 31, 2024
Shares arising Weighted average Shares arising Weighted average
out of options exercise price (₹) out of options exercise price (₹)
2015 Plan: RSU
Outstanding at the beginning 80,76,058 5.00 54,08,018 5.00
Granted 22,55,532 5.00 51,39,370 5.00
Exercised 20,80,865 5.00 18,15,025 5.00
Forfeited and expired 9,91,261 5.00 6,56,305 5.00
Outstanding at the end 72,59,464 5.00 80,76,058 5.00
Exercisable at the end 6,29,138 4.97 8,31,050 4.98
2015 Plan: Employee Stock Options (ESOPs)
Outstanding at the beginning 82,050 551 1,34,030 529
Granted – – – –
Exercised 61,672 573 51,980 499
Forfeited and expired 2,824 499 – –
Outstanding at the end 17,554 499 82,050 551
Exercisable at the end 17,554 499 82,050 551
2019 Plan: RSU
Outstanding at the beginning 80,23,855 5.00 72,22,038 5.00
Granted 37,44,345 5.00 41,87,902 5.00
Exercised 15,14,356 5.00 16,95,705 5.00
Forfeited and expired 21,81,209 5.00 16,90,380 5.00
Outstanding at the end 80,72,635 5.00 80,23,855 5.00
Exercisable at the end 7,70,321 5.00 8,14,798 5.00
The weighted average share price of option exercised is set out as follows:
(In ₹)
Particulars 2019 Plan 2015 Plan
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Weighted average share price of options exercised 1,587 1,352 1,601 1,414
The summary of information about equity-settled RSUs and ESOPs outstanding as at March 31, 2025 is as follows:
Range of exercise prices per 2019 Plan – Options outstanding 2015 Plan – Options outstanding
share (₹)
No. of shares Weighted Weighted No. of shares Weighted Weighted
arising out of average average arising out of average average
options remaining exercise price options remaining exercise price
contractual life (₹) contractual life (₹)
0 - 5 (RSU) 8,072,635 1.23 5.00 72,59,464 1.51 5.00
450 - 640 (ESOP) – – – 17,554 0.58 499
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 341
The summary of information about equity-settled RSUs and ESOPs outstanding as at March 31, 2024 was as follows:
Range of exercise prices per 2019 Plan – Options outstanding 2015 Plan – Options outstanding
share (₹)
No. of shares Weighted Weighted No. of shares Weighted Weighted
arising out of average average arising out of average average
options remaining exercise price options remaining exercise price
contractual life (₹) contractual life (₹)
0 - 5 (RSU) 80,23,855 1.42 5.00 80,76,058 1.77 5.00
450 - 640 (ESOP) – – – 82,050 1.10 551
As at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, 2,88,384 and 2,91,795 term and the risk free rate of interest. Expected volatility
cash settled options were outstanding respectively. The carrying during the expected term of the options is based on historical
value of liability towards cash settled share based payments volatility of the observed market prices of the Company's
was ₹18 crore and ₹13 crore as at March 31, 2025 and March publicly traded equity shares during a period equivalent to
31, 2024 respectively. the expected term of the options. Expected volatility of the
comparative company have been modelled based on historical
The fair value of the awards are estimated using the Black-Scholes
movements in the market prices of their publicly traded equity
Model for time and non-market performance-based options and
shares during a period equivalent to the expected term of
Monte Carlo simulation model is used for TSR-based options.
the options. Correlation coefficient is calculated between
The inputs to the model include the share price at date of grant, each peer entity and the indices as a whole or between each
exercise price, expected volatility, expected dividends, expected entity in the peer group.
The fair value of each equity settled award is estimated on the date of grant using the following assumptions:
Particulars For options granted in
Fiscal 2025 Equity Fiscal 2025 – Fiscal 2024 – Equity Fiscal 2024 –
shares – RSU ADS – RSU shares – RSU ADS – RSU
Weighted average share price (₹) / ($ ADS) 1,808 21.44 1,588 19.19
Exercise price (₹) / ($ ADS) 5.00 0.07 5.00 0.07
Expected volatility (%) 21-26 23-28 23-31 25-33
Expected life of the option (years) 1-4 1-4 1-4 1-4
Expected dividends (%) 2-3 2-3 2-3 2-3
Risk-free interest rate (%) 7 4-5 7 4-5
Weighted average fair value as on grant date (₹) / ($ ADS) 1,555 18.20 1,317 16.27
The expected life of the RSU/ESOP is estimated based on the vesting term and contractual term of the RSU/ESOP, as well as expected
exercise behavior of the employee who receives the RSU/ESOP.
2.13 Other financial liabilities
Particulars Year ended March 31,
(In ₹ crore)
2025 2024
Particulars Year ended March 31, Current
2025 2024 Unpaid dividends(1) 45 37
Non-current
Others
Others
Accrued compensation to
Accrued compensation to employees(1) 4,924 4,454
employees(1) 12 7 Accrued expenses(1) 8,467 8,224
Accrued expenses(1) 1,890 1,779
Payable for acquisition of business -
Compensated absences 99 89 Contingent consideration(2) 11 –
Financial liability under option Payable by controlled trusts(1) 173 211
arrangements(2)# 115 98
Compensated absences 2,908 2,622
Payable for acquisition of business -
Financial liability under option
Contingent consideration(2) 20 – arrangements(2)# 552 499
Other payables(1)(4) 5 157
Foreign currency forward and
Total non-current other financial options contracts(2)(3) 63 31
liabilities 2,141 2,130
342 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
the Group in accordance with Ind AS 115, Revenue from Contract with
Particulars Year ended March 31,
Customers. As at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, the financial liability
2025 2024 pertaining to such arrangements amounts to ₹67 crore and ₹372 crore,
respectively.
Capital creditors(1) 520 310
# Represents liability related to options issued by the Group over the non-
Other payables(1)(4) 475 571 controlling interests in its subsidiaries
Total current other financial Accrued expenses primarily relate to cost of technical
liabilities 18,138 16,959
sub-contractors, telecommunication charges, legal and
Total other financial liabilities 20,279 19,089 professional charges, brand building expenses, overseas
(1) Financial liability carried at amortized cost 16,511 15,750 travel expenses, office maintenance and cost of third party
software and hardware.
(2) Financial liability carried at fair value
through profit or loss 728 627
2.14 Trade payables
(3) Financial liability carried at fair value
through other comprehensive income 33 1 (In ₹ crore)
Financial liability under option Particulars Year ended March 31,
arrangements on an undiscounted
2025 2024
basis 761 690
Outstanding dues of micro enterprises 8 101
Contingent consideration on
and small enterprises (MSME)
undiscounted basis 33 –
Outstanding dues of creditors other 4,156 3,855
(4) The Group entered into financing arrangements with a third party than micro enterprises and small
towards technology assets taken over by the Group from a customer as a enterprises
part of transformation project which was not considered as distinct goods
Total trade payables 4,164 3,956
or services as the control related to those assets was not transferred to
The trade payables ageing schedule for the year ended as on March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Not due Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
Outstanding dues to MSME 8 – – – – 8
101 – – – – 101
Others 3,742 414 – – – 4,156
3,688 167 – – – 3,855
Total trade payables 3,750 414 – – – 4,164
3,789 167 – – – 3,956
Relationship with struck off companies.
There are no transactions with struck off companies for the year ending March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024.
2.15 Other liabilities
Particulars Year ended March 31,
(In ₹ crore)
2025 2024
Particulars Year ended March 31,
Current
2025 2024
Unearned revenue 8,492 7,341
Non-current
Others
Others
Withholding taxes and others 3,256 3,185
Accrued defined benefit liability 115 159
Accrued defined benefit liability 6 5
Others 100 76
Others 11 8
Total non-current other liabilities 215 235
Total current other liabilities 11,765 10,539
Total other liabilities 11,980 10,774
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 343
2.16 Provisions The movement in the provision for post-sales client support is
as follows :
Accounting policy
A provision is recognized if, as a result of a past event, the Group
(In ₹ crore)
has a present legal or constructive obligation that is reasonably
estimable, and it is probable that an outflow of economic Particulars Year ended
benefits will be required to settle the obligation. Provisions are March 31, 2025
determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a Balance at the beginning 1,796
pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time
Provision recognized / (reversed) 166
value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The Group
Provision utilized (676)
recognizes a reimbursement asset when, and only when, it is
virtually certain that the reimbursement will be received if the Translation difference 39
Group settles the obligation. Balance at the end 1,325
a. Post-sales client support
Provision for post-sales client support and other provisions
The Group provides its clients with a fixed-period post sales
majorly represents costs associated with providing sales support
support on its fixed-price, fixed-timeframe contracts. Costs
services which are accrued at the time of recognition of revenues
associated with such support services are accrued at the time
and are expected to be utilized over a period of 1 year.
related revenues are recorded and included in Consolidated
Statement of Profit and Loss. The Group estimates such costs Provision for post sales client support and other
based on historical experience and estimates are reviewed on provisions is included in cost of sales in the consolidated
a periodic basis for any material changes in assumptions and statement of profit and loss.
likelihood of occurrence.
2.17 Income taxes
b. Onerous contracts
Accounting policy
Provisions for onerous contracts are recognized when the
Income tax expense comprises current and deferred income
expected benefits to be derived by the Group from a contract
tax. Income tax expense is recognized in net profit in the
are lower than the unavoidable costs of meeting the future
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss except to the extent
obligations under the contract. Provisions for estimated losses, if
that it relates to items recognized directly in equity, in which
any, on incomplete contracts are recorded in the period in which
case it is recognized in equity or other comprehensive income.
such losses become probable based on the estimated efforts or
Current income tax for current and prior periods is recognized
costs to complete the contract. The provision is measured at the
at the amount expected to be paid to or recovered from the
present value of the lower of the expected cost of terminating
tax authorities, using the tax rates and tax laws that have been
the contract and the expected net cost of continuing with the
enacted or substantively enacted by the Balance Sheet date.
contract. Before a provision is established the Group recognizes
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for
any impairment loss on the assets associated with that contract.
all temporary differences arising between the tax bases of
assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial
Provision for post-sales client support and other provisions
statements except when the deferred income tax arises from
(In ₹ crore) the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a
Particulars Year ended March 31, transaction that is not a business combination and affects
neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss at the time of the
2025 2024
transaction. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting
Current date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable
Others that the related tax benefit will be realized.
Post-sales client support and 1,325 1,796 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using
others tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively
Other provisions pertaining to 150 – enacted by the Balance Sheet date and are expected to apply to
settlement (Refer to Note 2.24.2) taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences
are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of changes
Total provisions 1,475 1,796
in tax rates on deferred income tax assets and liabilities is
344 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
recognized as income or expense in the period that includes The applicable Indian corporate statutory tax rate for the year
the enactment or the substantive enactment date. A deferred ended March 31, 2025 is 25.17% and for the year ended March
income tax asset is recognized to the extent that it is probable 31, 2024 was 34.94%.
that future taxable profit will be available against which the
Income tax expense for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March
deductible temporary differences and tax losses can be utilized.
31, 2024 includes provisions (net of reversals) of
Deferred income taxes are not provided on the undistributed
earnings of subsidiaries and branches where it is expected that ₹132 crore and reversals (net of provisions) of ₹937 crore,
the earnings of the subsidiary or branch will not be distributed in respectively. These provisions and reversals pertaining to prior
the foreseeable future. periods are primarily on account of adjudication of certain
disputed matters, upon filing of tax return and completion of
The Group offsets current tax assets and current tax liabilities;
assessments, across various jurisdictions.
deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, where it has a
legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Company received
and where it intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize orders under section 250 of the Income Tax Act, 1961, from the
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The income Income Tax Authorities in India for the assessment years, 2016-17
tax provision for the interim period is made based on the best and 2019-20. These orders confirmed the Company's position
estimate of the annual average tax rate expected to be applicable with respect to tax treatment of certain contentious matters. As a
for the full financial year. Tax benefits of deductions earned on result interest income (pre-tax) of ₹327 crore was recognised and
exercise of employee share options in excess of compensation provision for income tax aggregating ₹183 crore was reversed
charged to income are credited to equity. with a corresponding credit to the Statement of Profit and Loss.
Also, upon resolution of the disputes, an amount aggregating to
Income tax expense in the Consolidated Statement of
1,068 crore has been reduced from contingent liabilities.
Profit and Loss comprises:
During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company received
(In ₹ crore) orders under Sections 250 and 254 of the Income Tax Act, 1961,
Particulars Year ended March 31, from the Income Tax Authorities in India for the assessment
years, 2007-08 to 2015-16, 2017-18 and 2018-19. These orders
2025 2024
confirmed the Company's position with respect to tax treatment
Current taxes 12,130 8,390 of certain contentious matters. As a result interest income (pre-
Deferred taxes (1,272) 1,350 tax) of ₹1,933 crore was recognized and provision for income
tax aggregating ₹525 crore was reversed with a corresponding
Income tax expense 10,858 9,740
credit to the Statement of Profit and Loss. Also, upon resolution
of the disputes, an amount aggregating to ₹1,628 crore has been
A reconciliation of the income tax provision to the amount
reduced from contingent liabilities.
computed by applying the statutory income tax rate to the
income before income taxes is summarized below: The foreign tax expense is due to income taxes payable
overseas principally in the United States. In India, the Group has
(In ₹ crore) benefited from certain tax incentives that the Government of
India had provided for export of software and services from the
Particulars Year ended March 31,
units registered under the Special Economic Zones (SEZs) Act,
2025 2024
2005 in the prior years. SEZ units which began the provision
Profit before income taxes 37,608 35,988 of services on or after April 1, 2005 are eligible for a deduction
Enacted tax rates in India 25.17% 34.94% of 100% of profits or gains derived from the export of services
for the first five years from the financial year in which the unit
Computed expected tax expense 9,465 12,576
commenced the provision of services and 50% of such profits
Tax effect due to non-taxable income or gains for further five years. Up to 50% of such profits or gains
for Indian tax purposes – (3,009) is also available for a further five years subject to creation of a
Overseas taxes 1,109 1,128 Special Economic Zone re-Investment Reserve out of the profit
of the eligible SEZ units and utilization of such reserve by the
Tax provision (reversals) 132 (937)
Group for acquiring new plant and machinery for the purpose
Effect of exempt non-operating
of its business as per the provisions of the Income Tax Act,
income (31) (49)
1961. (Refer to Special Economic Zone Re-investment reserve
Effect of unrecognized deferred tax under Note 2.12 Equity)
assets 161 203
Deferred income tax for the year ended March 31, 2025 and
Effect of differential tax rates (79) (568)
March 31, 2024 substantially relates to origination and reversal of
Effect of non-deductible expenses 276 165 temporary differences.
Others (175) 231
Infosys is subject to a 15% Branch Profit Tax (BPT) in the US to
Income tax expense 10,858 9,740 the extent its US branch's net profit during the year is greater
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 345
than the increase in the net assets of the US branch during the The details of income tax assets and income tax liabilities as at
year, computed in accordance with the Internal Revenue Code. March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 are as follows:
As at March 31, 2025, Infosys' US branch net assets amounted to
approximately ₹7,755 crore. As at March 31, 2025, the Company (In ₹ crore)
has a deferred tax liability for Branch Profit Tax of ₹271 crore (net
Particulars Year ended March 31,
of credits), as the Company estimates that these branch profits
2025 2024
are expected to be distributed in the foreseeable future
Income tax assets 4,597 9,442
Deferred income tax liabilities have not been recognized on
temporary differences amounting to ₹16,593 crore and ₹10,776 Current income tax liabilities 4,853 3,585
crore as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively, Net current income tax asset /
associated with investments in subsidiaries and branches as (liability) at the end (256) 5,857
the Company is able to control the timing of reversal of the
temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary The gross movement in the current income tax assets /
differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future. The (liabilities) for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March
Group majorly intends to repatriate earnings from subsidiaries 31, 2024 is as follows:
and branches only to the extent these can be distributed
in a tax-free manner. (In ₹ crore)
Deferred income tax assets have not been recognized on Particulars Year ended March 31,
accumulated losses of ₹4,597 crore and ₹4,668 crore as at
2025 2024
March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively, as it is probable
Net current income tax asset /
that future taxable profit will not be available against which the
(liability) at the beginning 5,857 3,075
unused tax losses can be utilized in the foreseeable future.
Income tax paid* 5,602 9,231
The details of expiration of unused tax losses as at
Interest receivable on income tax
March 31, 2025 are as follows:
refund 327 1,934
(In ₹ crore) Current income tax expense (12,130) (8,390)
Income tax benefit arising on exercise
As at
Year of stock options 39 3
March 31, 2025
Additions through business
2026 209
combination (1) –
2027 140
Income tax on other comprehensive
2028 508
income 19 4
2029 686
Translation differences 31 –
2030 443
Net current income tax asset /
Thereafter 2,611 (liability) at the end (256) 5,857
Total 4,597
* net of refund
The details of expiration of unused tax losses as at
March 31, 2024 were as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
As at
Year
March 31, 2024
2025 13
2026 202
2027 128
2028 467
2029 684
Thereafter 3,174
Total 4,668
346 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
The movement in gross deferred income tax assets / liabilities (before set off) for the year ended March 31, 2025 is as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Carrying value Changes Addition Changes Translation Carrying value
as at April 1, through profit through through OCI difference as at March 31,
2024 and loss business 2025
combination
Deferred income tax assets / (liabilities)
Property, plant and equipment 244 (4) – – (1) 239
Lease liabilities 198 (45) – – 1 154
Accrued compensation to employees 62 18 – – – 80
Trade receivables 223 (3) – – – 220
Compensated absences 627 77 2 – – 706
Post sales client support 56 11 – – 1 68
Credits related to branch profits 811 (37) – – 17 791
Derivative financial instruments (11) (25) – 8 – (28)
Intangible assets 64 5 – – 2 71
Intangibles arising on business
combinations (282) 141 (529) – (14) (684)
Branch profit tax (1,080) 41 – – (23) (1,062)
SEZ reinvestment reserve (1,996) 563 – – – (1,433)
Interest receivable on income tax refund (487) 416 – – – (71)
Others 231 114 9 (22) 3 335
Total deferred income tax assets /
(liabilities) (1,340) 1,272 (518) (14) (14) (614)
The movement in gross deferred income tax assets / liabilities (before set off) for the year ended March 31, 2024 was as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Carrying value Changes Addition Changes Translation Carrying value
as at through profit through through OCI difference as at
April 1, 2023 and loss business March 31, 2024
combination
Deferred income tax assets / (liabilities)
Property, plant and equipment 169 75 – – – 244
Lease liabilities 223 (25) – – – 198
Accrued compensation to employees 68 (6) – – – 62
Trade receivables 261 (40) – – 2 223
Compensated absences 576 50 – – 1 627
Post sales client support 248 (192) – – – 56
Credits related to branch profits 718 84 – – 9 811
Derivative financial instruments – (7) – (4) – (11)
Intangible assets 62 1 – – 1 64
Intangibles arising on business
combinations (344) 63 – – (1) (282)
Branch profit tax (866) (202) – – (12) (1,080)
SEZ reinvestment reserve (1,351) (645) – – – (1,996)
Interest receivable on income tax refund – (487) – – – (487)
Others 261 (19) – (4) (7) 231
Total deferred income tax assets /
(liabilities) 25 (1,350) – (8) (7) (1,340)
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 347
The deferred income tax assets and liabilities are as follows: performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling
price. The price that is regularly charged for an item when sold
(In ₹ crore) separately is the best evidence of its standalone selling price.
In the absence of such evidence, the primary method used to
Particulars Year ended March 31,
estimate standalone selling price is the expected cost plus a
2025 2024
margin, under which the Group estimates the cost of satisfying
Deferred income tax assets after set the performance obligation and then adds an appropriate
off 1,108 454 margin based on similar services.
Deferred income tax liabilities after The Group’s contracts may include variable consideration
set off (1,722) (1,794)
including rebates, volume discounts and penalties. The Group
includes variable consideration as part of transaction price
In assessing the realizability of deferred income tax assets, the when there is a basis to reasonably estimate the amount of
management considers whether some portion or all of the the variable consideration and when it is probable that a
deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will
realization of deferred income tax assets is dependent upon not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable
the generation of future taxable income during the periods consideration is resolved.
in which the temporary differences become deductible. The
Revenue on time-and-material and unit of work based contracts,
management considers the scheduled reversals of deferred
are recognized as the related services are performed. Fixed-price
income tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax
maintenance revenue is recognized ratably either on a straight-
planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on the level
line basis when services are performed through an indefinite
of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable
number of repetitive acts over a specified period or ratably
income over the periods in which the deferred income tax assets
using a percentage of completion method when the pattern
are deductible, the Management believes that the Group will
of benefits from the services rendered to the customer and
realize the benefits of those deductible differences. The amount
the Group’s costs to fulfil the contract is not even through the
of the deferred income tax assets considered realizable, however,
period of contract because the services are generally discrete
could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable
in nature and not repetitive. Revenue from other fixed-price,
income during the carry forward period are reduced.
fixed-timeframe contracts, where the performance obligations
The Company’s Advanced Pricing Arrangement (APA) with the are satisfied over time is recognized using the percentage-
Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for US branch income tax expired of-completion method. Efforts or costs expended are used to
in March 2021. The Company has applied for renewal of APA and determine progress towards completion as there is a direct
currently the US taxable income is based on the Company’s best relationship between input and productivity. Progress towards
estimate determined based on the expected value method. completion is measured as the ratio of costs or efforts incurred to
date (representing work performed) to the estimated total costs
2.18 Revenue from operations or efforts. Estimates of transaction price and total costs or efforts
Accounting policy are continuously monitored over the term of the contracts and
are recognized in net profit in the period when these estimates
The Group derives revenues primarily from IT services comprising
change or when the estimates are revised. Revenues and the
software development and related services, cloud and
estimated total costs or efforts are subject to revision as the
infrastructure services, maintenance, consulting and package
contract progresses. Provisions for estimated losses, if any, on
implementation, licensing of software products and platforms
incomplete contracts are recorded in the period in which such
across the Group’s core and digital offerings (together called as
losses become probable based on the estimated efforts or costs
“software-related services”) and business process management
to complete the contract.
services. Contracts with customers are either on a time-and-
material, unit of work, fixed-price or on a fixed-timeframe basis. The billing schedules agreed with customers include periodic
performance based billing and / or milestone based progress
Revenues from customer contracts are considered for
billings. Revenues in excess of billing are classified as unbilled
recognition and measurement when the contract has been
revenue while billing in excess of revenues are classified as
approved in writing by the parties, to the contract, the parties to
contract liabilities (which we refer to as unearned revenues).
contract are committed to perform their respective obligations
under the contract, and the contract is legally enforceable. In arrangements for software development and related
Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised services and maintenance services, by applying the revenue
products or services (“performance obligations”) to customers recognition criteria for each distinct performance obligation,
in an amount that reflects the consideration the Group has the arrangements with customers generally meet the criteria
received or expects to receive in exchange for these products for considering software development and related services as
or services (“transaction price”). When there is uncertainty as distinct performance obligations. For allocating the transaction
to collectability, revenue recognition is postponed until such price, the Group measures the revenue in respect of each
uncertainty is resolved. performance obligation of a contract at its relative standalone
selling price. The price that is regularly charged for an item
The Group assesses the services promised in a contract and
when sold separately is the best evidence of its standalone
identifies distinct performance obligations in the contract.
selling price. In cases where the Group is unable to determine
The Group allocates the transaction price to each distinct
348 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
the standalone selling price, the Group uses the expected cost risk, pricing discretion and other factors to determine whether it
plus margin approach in estimating the standalone selling controls the specified goods or services and therefore, is acting
price. For software development and related services, the as a principal or an agent.
performance obligations are satisfied as and when the services
A contract modification is a change in the scope or price or both
are rendered since the customer generally obtains control of the
of a contract that is approved by the parties to the contract.
work as it progresses.
A contract modification that results in the addition of distinct
Certain cloud and infrastructure services contracts include performance obligations are accounted for either as a separate
multiple elements which may be subject to other specific contract if the additional services are priced at the standalone
accounting guidance, such as leasing guidance. These contracts selling price or as a termination of the existing contract and
are accounted in accordance with such specific accounting creation of a new contract if they are not priced at the standalone
guidance. In such arrangements where the Group is able to selling price. If the modification does not result in a distinct
determine that hardware and services are distinct performance performance obligation, it is accounted for as part of the existing
obligations, it allocates the consideration to these performance contract on a cumulative catch-up basis.
obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. In the
The incremental costs of obtaining a contract (i.e., costs
absence of standalone selling price, the Group uses the expected
that would not have been incurred if the contract had not
cost-plus margin approach in estimating the standalone
been obtained) are recognized as an asset if the Group
selling price. When such arrangements are considered as a
expects to recover them.
single performance obligation, revenue is recognized over
the period and measure of progress is determined based on Certain eligible, nonrecurring costs (e.g. set-up or transition
promise in the contract. or transformation costs) that do not represent a separate
performance obligation are recognized as an asset when
Revenue from licenses where the customer obtains a “right
such costs (a) relate directly to the contract; (b) generate
to use” the licenses is recognized at the time the license
or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in
are made available to the customer. Revenue from licenses
satisfying the performance obligation in the future; and (c) are
where the customer obtains a “right to access” is recognized
expected to be recovered.
over the access period.
Capitalized contract costs relating to upfront payments to
Arrangements to deliver software products generally have
customers are amortized to revenue and other capitalized costs
three elements: license, implementation and Annual Technical
are amortized to expenses over the respective contract life
Services (ATS). When implementation services are provided in
on a systematic basis consistent with the transfer of goods or
conjunction with the licensing arrangement and the license
services to customer to which the asset relates. Capitalized costs
and implementation have been identified as two distinct
are monitored regularly for impairment. Impairment losses are
separate performance obligations, the transaction price for
recorded when present value of projected remaining operating
such contracts are allocated to each performance obligation of
cash flows is not sufficient to recover the carrying amount of
the contract based on their relative standalone selling prices.
the capitalized costs.
In the absence of standalone selling price for implementation,
the Group uses the expected cost plus margin approach in The Group presents revenues net of indirect taxes in its
estimating the standalone selling price. Where the license Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss.
is required to be substantially customized as part of the
Revenue from operations for the year ended March 31, 2025 and
implementation service the entire arrangement fee for license
March 31, 2024 is as follows:
and implementation is considered to be a single performance
obligation and the revenue is recognized using the percentage-
(In ₹ crore)
of-completion method as the implementation is performed.
Revenue from client training, support and other services arising Particulars Year ended March 31,
due to the sale of software products is recognized as the 2025 2024
performance obligations are satisfied. ATS revenue is recognized
Revenue from software services 1,55,395 1,45,285
ratably on a straight line basis over the period in which the
services are rendered. Revenue from products and platforms 7,595 8,385
Total revenue from operations 1,62,990 1,53,670
Contracts with customers includes subcontractor services or
third-party vendor equipment or software in certain integrated
services arrangements. In these types of arrangements, revenue Products and platforms
from sales of third-party vendor products or services is recorded The Group also derives revenues from the sale of products and
net of costs when the Group is acting as an agent between platforms like Finacle – core banking solution, Edge Suite of
the customer and the vendor, and gross when the Group is products, Panaya platform, Stater digital platform and Infosys
the principal for the transaction. In doing so, the Group first McCamish – insurance platform.
evaluates whether it obtains control of the specified goods or
services before they are transferred to the customer. The Group Disaggregated revenue information
considers whether it is primarily responsible for fulfilling the Revenue disaggregation by business segments has been
promise to provide the specified goods or services, inventory included in segment information (Refer to Note 2.26). The table
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 349
below presents disaggregated revenues from contracts with During the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024,
customers by geography and contract type. The Group believes ₹4,896 crore and ₹7,023 crore of unbilled revenue pertaining
that this disaggregation best depicts how the nature, amount, to other fixed-price and fixed time-frame contracts as
timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows are affected of April 1, 2024 and April 1, 2023, respectively has been
by industry, market and other economic factors. reclassified to Trade receivables upon billing to customers on
completion of milestones.
For the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024:
Remaining performance obligation disclosure
(In ₹ crore)
The remaining performance obligation disclosure provides the
Particulars Year ended March 31,
aggregate amount of the transaction price yet to be recognized
2025 2024 as at the end of the reporting period and an explanation as to
Revenues by Geography* when the Group expects to recognize these amounts in revenue.
Applying the practical expedient as given in Ind AS 115, the
North America 94,397 92,411
Group has not disclosed the remaining performance obligation
Europe 48,595 42,267 related disclosures for contracts where the revenue recognized
India 5,014 3,881 corresponds directly with the value to the customer of the
entity's performance completed to date, typically those contracts
Rest of the world 14,984 15,111
where invoicing is on time and material and unit of work based
Total 1,62,990 1,53,670
contracts. Remaining performance obligation estimates are
subject to change and are affected by several factors, including
* Geographical revenue is based on the domicile of customer.
terminations, changes in the scope of contracts, periodic
The percentage of revenue from fixed-price contracts for revalidations, adjustment for revenue that has not materialized
the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is 54% and adjustments for currency fluctuations.
and 53%, respectively.
The aggregate value of performance obligations that are
completely or partially unsatisfied as at March 31, 2025, other
Trade receivables and contract balances
than those meeting the exclusion criteria mentioned above,
The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections is ₹1,04,785 crore. Out of this, the Group expects to recognize
results in receivables, unbilled revenue, and unearned revenue revenue of around 50.3% within the next one year and the
on the Group’s Consolidated Balance Sheet. Amounts are billed remaining thereafter. The aggregate value of performance
as work progresses in accordance with agreed-upon contractual obligations that are completely or partially unsatisfied as at
terms, either at periodic intervals (e.g., monthly or quarterly) or March 31, 2024 is ₹90,658 crore. The contracts can generally
upon achievement of contractual milestones. be terminated by the customers and typically includes an
The Group’s receivables are rights to consideration that are enforceable termination penalty payable by them. Generally,
unconditional. Unbilled revenues comprising revenues in excess customers have not terminated contracts without cause.
of billings from time and material contracts and fixed price
maintenance contracts are classified as financial asset when 2.19 Other income, net
the right to consideration is unconditional and is due only Accounting policy
after a passage of time.
Other income is comprised primarily of interest income, dividend
Invoicing to the clients for other fixed-price contracts is based on income, gain/loss on investment and exchange gain/loss on
milestones as defined in the contract and therefore the timing of forward and options contracts and on translation of foreign
revenue recognition is different from the timing of invoicing to currency assets and liabilities. Interest income is recognized using
the customers. Therefore unbilled revenues for other fixed-price the effective interest method. Dividend income is recognized
contracts (contract asset) are classified as non-financial asset when the right to receive payment is established.
because the right to consideration is dependent on completion
of contractual milestones. Foreign currency
Accounting policy
Invoicing in excess of earnings are classified as unearned revenue.
Functional currency
Trade receivables and unbilled revenues are presented net of
impairment in the consolidated Balance Sheet. The functional currency of Infosys, its Indian subsidiaries and
controlled trusts is the Indian rupee. The functional currencies for
During the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, the
foreign subsidiaries are their respective local currencies. These
Company recognized revenue of ₹5,669 crore and ₹5,432 crore
financial statements are presented in Indian rupees (rounded off
arising from opening unearned revenue as of April 1, 2024 and
to crore; one crore equals ten million).
April 1, 2023 respectively.
350 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Transactions and translations the asset. Government grants related to revenue are recognized
on a systematic basis in net profit in the Consolidated Statement
Foreign-currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities
of Profit and Loss over the periods necessary to match them with
are translated into the relevant functional currency at
the related costs which they are intended to compensate.
exchange rates in effect at the Balance Sheet date. The gains
or losses resulting from such translations are recognized in Other income for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March
the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss and reported 31, 2024 is as follows:
within exchange gains/ (losses) on translation of assets and
liabilities, net, except when deferred in Other Comprehensive (In ₹ crore)
Income as qualifying cash flow hedges. Non-monetary assets
Particulars Year ended March 31,
and non-monetary liabilities denominated in a foreign currency
2025 2024
and measured at fair value are translated at the exchange rate
prevalent at the date when the fair value was determined. Non- Interest income on financial assets
monetary assets and non-monetary liabilities denominated in a carried at amortized cost
foreign currency and measured at historical cost are translated Tax-free bonds and government
at the exchange rate prevalent at the date of transaction. bonds 122 131
The related revenue and expense are recognized using
Deposit with bank and others 1,401 929
the same exchange rate.
Interest income on financial assets
Transaction gains or losses realized upon settlement of foreign carried at fair value through other
currency transactions are included in determining net profit comprehensive income
for the period in which the transaction is settled. Revenue,
Non-convertible debentures,
expense and cash-flow items denominated in foreign currencies
commercial paper, certificates of
are translated into the relevant functional currencies using the
deposit and government securities 1,047 1,007
exchange rate in effect on the date of the transaction.
Income on investments carried at fair
The translation of financial statements of the foreign subsidiaries value through profit or loss:
to the presentation currency is performed for assets and
Gain / (loss) on liquid mutual funds
liabilities using the exchange rate in effect at the Balance Sheet and other investments 287 285
date and for revenue, expense and cash-flow items using the
Income on investments carried at fair
average exchange rate for the respective periods. The gains or
value through other comprehensive
losses resulting from such translation are included in currency
income 2 –
translation reserves under other components of equity. When
Income on investments carried at
a subsidiary is disposed off, in full, the relevant amount is
amortized cost
transferred to net profit in the Consolidated Statement of Profit
and Loss. However when a change in the parent's ownership Gain / (loss) on tax free bond 4 –
does not result in loss of control of a subsidiary, such changes are Interest on income tax refund 343 1,965
recorded through equity.
Exchange gains / (losses) on forward
Other Comprehensive Income, net of taxes includes translation and options contracts (205) 100
differences on non-monetary financial assets measured at Exchange gains / (losses) on translation
fair value at the reporting date, such as equities classified as of other assets and liabilities 464 87
financial instruments and measured at fair value through other
Miscellaneous income, net 135 207
comprehensive income (FVOCI).
Total other income 3,600 4,711
Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition
of a foreign entity are treated as assets and liabilities of the
foreign entity and translated at the exchange rate in effect at
the Balance Sheet date.
Government grant
The Group recognizes government grants only when there is
reasonable assurance that the conditions attached to them shall
be complied with, and the grants will be received. Government
grants related to assets are treated as deferred income and are
recognized in net profit in the Consolidated Statement of Profit
and Loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful life of
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 351
2.20 Expenses the Group has substantially all of the economic benefits from use
of the asset through the period of the lease and (3) the Group has
(In ₹ crore)
the right to direct the use of the asset.
Particulars Year ended March 31,
At the date of commencement of the lease, the Group recognizes
2025 2024
a right-of-use asset (“ROU”) and a corresponding lease liability
Employee benefit expenses for all lease arrangements in which it is a lessee, except for leases
Salaries including bonus 82,232 79,315 with a term of twelve months or less (short-term leases) and
low value leases. For these short-term and low value leases, the
Contribution to provident and
Group recognizes the lease payments as an operating expense
other funds 2,338 2,213
on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
Share-based payments to
employees (Refer to Note 2.12) 802 652 As a lessee, the Group determines the lease term as the non-
cancellable period of a lease adjusted with any option to extend
Staff welfare 578 440
or terminate the lease, if the use of such option is reasonably
85,950 82,620
certain. The Group makes an assessment on the expected lease
Cost of software packages and others term on a lease-by-lease basis and thereby assesses whether it is
For own use 2,467 2,145 reasonably certain that any options to extend or terminate the
contract will be exercised. In evaluating the lease term, the Group
Third-party items bought for
considers factors such as any significant leasehold improvements
service delivery to clients 13,444 11,370
undertaken over the lease term, costs relating to the termination
15,911 13,515
of the lease and the importance of the underlying asset to
Other expenses Group’s operations taking into account the location of the
Repairs and maintenance 1,320 1,278 underlying asset and the availability of suitable alternatives. The
lease term in future periods is reassessed to ensure that the lease
Power and fuel 222 199
term reflects the current economic circumstances.
Brand and marketing 1,223 1,007
Certain lease arrangements includes the options to extend or
Rates and taxes 346 326
terminate the lease before the end of the lease term. ROU assets
Consumables 227 170 and lease liabilities includes these options when it is reasonably
Insurance 301 210 certain that they will be exercised.
Provision for post-sales client The ROU assets are initially recognized at cost, which comprises
support and others (110) 75 the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease
Commission to non-whole time payments made at or prior to the commencement date of
directors 18 16 the lease plus any initial direct costs less any lease incentives.
They are subsequently measured at cost less accumulated
Impairment loss recognized /
depreciation and impairment losses.
(reversed) under expected credit
loss model 48 121 The ROU assets are depreciated from the commencement date
Contributions towards Corporate on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and
Social Responsibility 585 533 useful life of the underlying asset.
Others 607 781 The ROU assets are evaluated for recoverability whenever events
4,787 4,716 or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts
may not be recoverable. For the purpose of impairment testing,
2.21 Leases the recoverable amount (i.e. the higher of the fair value less cost
to sell and the value-in-use) is determined on an individual asset
Accounting policy
basis unless the asset does not generate cash flows that are
The Group as a lessee
largely independent of those from other assets. In such cases, the
The Group’s lease asset classes primarily consist of leases for recoverable amount is determined for the Cash Generating Unit
land, buildings and computers. The Group assesses whether a (CGU) to which the asset belongs.
contract contains a lease, at inception of a contract. A contract
The lease liability is initially measured at amortized cost at the
is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control
present value of the future lease payments. The lease payments
the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange
are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or,
for consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys the
if not readily determinable, using the incremental borrowing
right to control the use of an identified asset, the group assesses
rates in the country of domicile of these leases. Lease liabilities
whether: (1) the contract involves the use of an identified asset (2)
352 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
are remeasured with a corresponding adjustment to the related substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee,
ROU asset if the Group changes its assessment if whether it will the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are
exercise an extension or a termination option. classified as operating leases.
Lease liability and ROU asset have been separately presented in When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its
the Balance Sheet and lease payments have been classified as interests in the head lease and the sublease separately. The
financing cash flows. sublease is classified as a finance or operating lease by reference
to the ROU asset arising from the head lease.
The Group as a lessor
For operating leases, rental income is recognized on a straight
Leases for which the Group is a lessor is classified as a finance line basis over the term of the relevant lease.
or operating lease. Whenever the terms of the lease transfer
Tthe changes in the carrying value of right-of-use assets for the year ended March 31, 2025 are as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Category of ROU asset Total
Land Buildings Vehicles Computers
Balance as of April 1, 2024 605 3,298 17 2,632 6,552
Additions* – 816 13 1,306 2,135
Addition due to Business Combination (Refer to Note 2.1) – 155 5 – 160
Deletions – (236) (6) (652) (894)
Depreciation (6) (714) (11) (965) (1,696)
Translation difference 1 29 6 18 54
Balance as of March 31, 2025 600 3,348 24 2,339 6,311
* Net of adjustments on account of modifications.
The changes in the carrying value of right-of-use assets for the year ended March 31, 2024 were as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Category of ROU asset Total
Land Buildings Vehicles Computers
Balance as of April 1, 2023 623 3,896 15 2,348 6,882
Additions* – 394 12 1,872 2,278
Deletions (10) (181) (1) (755) (947)
Impairment – (88) – – (88)
Depreciation (6) (728) (10) (851) (1,595)
Translation difference (2) 5 1 18 22
Balance as of March 31, 2024 605 3,298 17 2,632 6,552
* Net of adjustments on account of modifications and lease incentives.
The aggregate depreciation expense on ROU assets is included under depreciation and amortization expense in the Consolidated
Statement of Profit and Loss.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 353
The following is the break-up of current and non-current lease The movement in the net investment in lease during the year
liabilities as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024: ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
(In ₹ crore) (In ₹ crore)
Particulars Year ended March 31, Particulars Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Current lease liabilities 2,455 1,959 Balance at the beginning 1,824 922
Non-current lease liabilities 5,772 6,400 Additions 1,013 1,281
Total 8,227 8,359 Interest income accrued during the 37 24
period
The movement in lease liabilities during the year ended Others (25) (2)
March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
Lease receipts (676) (400)
Translation difference 72 (1)
(In ₹ crore)
Balance at the end 2,245 1,824
Particulars Year ended March 31,
2025 2024
2.22 Employee benefits
Balance at the beginning 8,359 8,299
Accounting policy
Additions 2,156 2,190
Gratuity and pensions
Addition due to Business Combination 160 –
(Refer to Note 2.1) The Group provides for gratuity, a defined benefit retirement
Deletions (553) (444) plan ("the Gratuity Plan") covering eligible employees majorly of
Infosys and its Indian subsidiaries. The Gratuity Plan provides a
Finance cost accrued during the 341 326
lump-sum payment to vested employees at retirement, death,
period
incapacitation or termination of employment, of an amount
Payment of lease liabilities (2,355) (2,030)
based on the respective employee's salary and the tenure of
Translation difference 119 18 employment with the Group. The Company contributes Gratuity
Balance at the end 8,227 8,359 liabilities to the Infosys Limited Employees' Gratuity Fund Trust
("the Trust"). In case of Infosys BPM and EdgeVerve, contributions
are made to the Infosys BPM Employees' Gratuity Fund Trust
The details regarding the contractual maturities of lease liabilities
and EdgeVerve Systems Limited Employees' Gratuity Fund Trust,
as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 on an undiscounted
respectively. Trustees administer contributions made to the
basis are as follows:
Trusts and contributions are invested in a scheme with the Life
Insurance Corporation of India as permitted by Indian law.
(In ₹ crore)
The Group operates defined benefit pension plan in certain
Particulars Year ended March 31,
overseas jurisdictions, in accordance with the local laws. These
2025 2024
plans are managed by third-party fund managers. The plans
Less than one year 2,483 2,152 provide for periodic payouts after retirement and/or a lumpsum
One to five years 5,195 6,123 payment as set out in rules of each fund and includes death
and disability benefits. The defined benefit plans require
More than five years 1,296 994
contributions which are based on a percentage of salary that
Total 8,974 9,269 varies depending on the age of the respective employees.
Liabilities with regard to these defined benefit plans are
The Group does not face a significant liquidity risk with regard to
determined by actuarial valuation, performed by an external
its lease liabilities as the current assets are sufficient to meet the
actuary, at each Balance Sheet date using the projected
obligations related to lease liabilities as and when they fall due.
unit credit method. These defined benefit plans expose the
Rental expense recorded for short-term leases was ₹85 crore Group to actuarial risks, such as longevity risk, interest rate
and ₹97 crore for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March risk and market risk.
31, 2024, respectively.
The Group recognizes the net obligation of a defined benefit
Leases not yet commenced to which Group is committed is plan in its Balance Sheet as an asset or liability. Gains and losses
₹176 crore for a lease term ranging from 3 years to 5 years. through re-measurements of the net defined benefit liability /
(asset) are recognized in other comprehensive income and are
354 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods. The actual return of the portfolio of plan assets, in excess of the yields computed
by applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation is recognized in other comprehensive income. The effect
of any plan amendments is recognized in net profit in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss.
Provident fund
Eligible employees of Infosys receive benefits from a provident fund, which is a defined benefit plan. Both the eligible employee and
the Company make monthly contributions to the provident fund plan equal to a specified percentage of the covered employee's salary.
The Company contributes a portion to the Infosys Limited Employees' Provident Fund Trust. The trust invests in specific designated
instruments as permitted by Indian law. The remaining portion is contributed to the government administered pension fund. The rate at
which the annual interest is payable to the beneficiaries by the trust is being administered by the Government of India. The Company has
an obligation to make good the shortfall, if any, between the return from the investments of the trust and the notified interest rate.
In respect of Indian subsidiaries, eligible employees receive benefits from a provident fund, which is a defined contribution plan. Both
the eligible employee and the respective companies make monthly contributions to this provident fund plan equal to a specified
percentage of the covered employee's salary. Amounts collected under the provident fund plan are deposited in a government
administered provident fund. The Companies have no further obligation to the plan beyond its monthly contributions.
Superannuation
Certain employees of Infosys, Infosys BPM and EdgeVerve are participants in a defined contribution plan. The Group has no further
obligations to the plan beyond its monthly contributions which are periodically contributed to a trust fund, the corpus of which is
invested with the Life Insurance Corporation of India.
Compensated absences
The Group has a policy on compensated absences which are both accumulating and non-accumulating in nature. The expected cost
of accumulating compensated absences is determined by actuarial valuation performed by an external actuary at each Balance Sheet
date using projected unit credit method on the additional amount expected to be paid / availed as a result of the unused entitlement
that has accumulated at the Balance Sheet date. Expense on non-accumulating compensated absences is recognized in the period in
which the absences occur.
2.22.1 Gratuity and pension
The details of the defined benefit retirement plans and the amounts recognized in the Group's financial statements as at March 31, 2025
and March 31, 2024 are as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Gratuity Pension
As at March 31, As at March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Change in benefit obligations
Benefit obligations at the beginning 2,116 1,778 1,020 917
Transfer 5 29 – –
Service cost 335 307 52 54
Interest expense 141 121 18 20
Remeasurements – Actuarial (gains) / losses 93 34 69 24
Past service cost – plan amendments – – – (33)
Employee contribution – – 33 34
Benefits paid (181) (154) (60) (10)
Translation difference 2 1 51 14
Benefit obligations at the end 2,511 2,116 1,183 1,020
Change in plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning 2,079 1,755 991 870
Transfer – – – –
Interest income 151 127 19 20
Remeasurements – Return on plan assets excluding
amounts included in interest income 22 18 60 16
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 355
Particulars Gratuity Pension
As at March 31, As at March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Employer contribution 656 328 46 51
Employee contribution – – 33 34
Benefits paid (176) (149) (60) (10)
Translation difference 1 – 48 10
Fair value of plan assets at the end 2,733 2,079 1,137 991
Funded status 222 (37) (46) (29)
Defined benefit plan asset (Refer to Note 2.10) 286 16 11 15
Defined benefit plan liability (Refer to Note 2.15) (64) (53) (57) (44)
Amount recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss under employee benefit expense for the year ended March 31, 2025
and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Gratuity Pension
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Service cost 335 307 52 54
Net interest on the net defined benefit liability / (asset) (10) (6) (1) –
Plan amendments – – – (33)
Net cost 325 301 51 21
Amount recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March
31, 2024 is as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Gratuity Pension
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability / (asset)
Actuarial (gains) / losses 93 34 69 24
(Return) / loss on plan assets excluding amounts included in
the net interest on the net defined benefit liability / (asset) (22) (18) (60) (16)
71 16 9 8
Break-up of actuarial (gains) / losses for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Gratuity Pension
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
(Gain) / loss from change in demographic assumptions – – – –
(Gain) / loss from change in financial assumptions 38 10 47 24
(Gain) / loss from experience adjustment 55 24 22 –
93 34 69 24
356 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
The weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 are as follows:
(In %)
Particulars Gratuity Pension
As at March 31, As at March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Discount rate(1) 6.5 7.0 0.9-3.7 1.5-3.4
Weighted average rate of increase in
compensation levels(2) 6.0 6.0 1-3 1-3
Weighted average duration of defined benefit obligation(3) 5.7 years 5.8 years 13 years 12 years
The weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the year ended March 31, 2025 and
March 31, 2024 are as follows:
(In %)
Particulars Gratuity Pension
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Discount rate 7.0 7.1 1.5-3.4 1.8-3.8
Weighted average rate of increase in compensation levels 6.0 6.0 1-3 1-3
(1) For domestic defined benefit plan in India, the market for high quality corporate bonds being not developed, the yield of government bonds is considered
as the discount rate. For most of our overseas defined benefit plan, given that the market for high quality corporate bonds is not developed, the Government
bond rate adjusted for corporate spreads is used.
(2) The average rate of increase in compensation levels is determined by the Company, considering factors such as, the Company’s past compensation revision
trends, inflation in respective markets and management’s estimate of future salary increases.
(3) Attrition rate considered is the management’s estimate based on the past long-term trend of employee turnover in the Company. The tenure has been
considered taking into account the past long-term trend of employees' average remaining service life which reflects the average estimated term of post-
employment benefit obligation.
For domestic defined benefit plan in India, assumptions insurer managers. The insurers' investment are diversified and
regarding future mortality experience are set in accordance provide for guaranteed interest rates arrangements.
with the published statistics by the Life Insurance Corporation
Actual return on assets (including remeasurements) of the
of India. For overseas defined benefit plan, the assumptions
gratuity plan for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31,
regarding future mortality experience are set with regard to
2024 were ₹173 crore and ₹145 crore, respectively and for the
the latest statistics in life expectancy, plan experience and
pension plan were ₹79 crore and ₹36 crore, respectively.
other relevant data.
The contributions for gratuity are invested in a scheme with the
The Group assesses all of the above assumptions
Life Insurance Corporation of India as permitted by Indian law.
with its projected long-term plans of growth and
prevalent industry standards. The table below sets out the details of major plan assets into
various categories as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024:
The Company contributes all ascertained liabilities towards
gratuity to the Infosys Limited Employees' Gratuity Fund Trust.
(In %)
In case of Infosys BPM and EdgeVerve, contributions are made to
the Infosys BPM Employees' Gratuity Fund Trust and EdgeVerve Particulars Pension
Systems Limited Employees Gratuity Fund Trust, respectively. As at March 31,
Trustees administer contributions made to the trust as at
2025 2024
March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, and contributions for gratuity
Equity 34 34
are invested in a scheme with the Life Insurance Corporation
of India as permitted by Indian law. The plan assets of the Bonds 30 32
overseas defined benefit plan have been primarily invested in Real estate / property 26 26
insurer managed funds and the asset allocation for plan assets is
Cash and cash equivalents 1 1
determined based on the investment criteria prescribed under
the relevant regulations applicable to pension funds and the Other 9 7
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 357
These defined benefit plans expose the Group to actuarial risk 2.22.2 Provident fund
which are set out below: Infosys has an obligation to fund any shortfall on the yield of the
Interest rate risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan trust’s investments over the administered interest rates on an
liability is generally calculated using a discount rate determined annual basis. These administered rates are determined annually
by reference to government bond yields and in certain overseas predominantly considering the social and economic factors. The
jurisdictions, it is calculated in reference to government bond actuary has provided a valuation for provident fund liabilities on
yield adjusted for a corporate spread. If bond yields fall, the the basis of guidance issued by the Actuarial Society of India.
defined benefit obligation will tend to increase. The following tables set out the funded status of the defined
Life expectancy and investment risk: The pension fund benefit provident fund plan of Infosys Limited and the amounts
offers the choice between a lifelong pension and a cash lump recognized in the Group's financial statements as at March 31,
sum upon retirement. The pension fund has defined rates for 2025 and March 31, 2024:
converting the lump sum to a pension and there is the risk that
the members live longer than implied by these conversion rates (In ₹ crore)
and that the pension assets don’t achieve the investment return Particulars Year ended March 31,
implied by these conversion rates.
2025 2024
Asset volatility: A proportion of the pension fund is held in Change in benefit obligations
equities, which is expected to outperform corporate bonds
Benefit obligations at the beginning 11,879 10,527
in the long term but give exposure to volatility and risk in the
short term. The pension fund board of insurer is responsible Service cost 952 880
for the investment strategy and equity allocation is justified Employee contribution 1,683 1,652
given the long-term investment horizon of the pension fund
Interest expense 862 764
and the objective to provide a reasonable long term return on
Actuarial (gains) / loss 218 96
members’ account balances.
Benefits paid (1,727) (2,040)
Sensitivity of significant assumptions used for valuation of
defined benefit obligation: Benefit obligations at the end 13,867 11,879
Change in plan assets
(In ₹ crore)
Fair value of plan assets at the
Impact from As at March 31, 2025 beginning 11,812 10,184
Gratuity Pension Interest income 858 740
1% point 0.5% point Remeasurements- Return on plan
increase / increase / assets excluding amounts included in
decrease decrease interest income 245 234
Discount rate 135 55 Employer contribution 1,057 1,042
Weighted average rate of increase in Employee contribution 1,683 1,652
compensation levels 135 6 Benefits paid (1,727) (2,040)
Fair value of plan assets at the end 13,928 11,812
Sensitivity to significant actuarial assumptions is computed
Funded status surplus / (deficit) 61 (67)
by varying one actuarial assumption used for the valuation of
the defined benefit obligation and keeping all other actuarial Irrecoverable surplus - effect of asset
assumptions constant. In practice, this is not probable, and ceiling (61) –
changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. Net liability (Refer to Note 2.15) – (67)
The Group expects to contribute ₹370 crore to gratuity and ₹44
Amount recognized in the consolidated statement of profit
crore to pension during the fiscal 2026.
and loss for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March
The maturity profile of defined benefit obligation is as follows: 31, 2024 is as follows:
(In ₹ crore) (In ₹ crore)
Particulars Gratuity Pension Particulars Year ended March 31,
Within 1 year 349 72 2025 2024
1-2 year 333 70 Service cost 952 880
2-3 year 345 72 Net interest on the net defined benefit
3-4 year 321 74 liability / asset 4 24
4-5 year 289 75 Net provident fund cost 956 904
5-10 years 1,042 342
358 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Amount recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Other bonds. If bond yields fall, the defined benefit obligation
Comprehensive Incomefor the year ended March 31, 2025 and will tend to increase.
March 31, 2024 is as follows:
As at March 31, 2025, the defined benefit obligation would be
affected by approximately ₹129 crore on account of a 0.25%
(In ₹ crore)
increase / decrease in the expected rate of return on plan assets.
Particulars Year ended March 31,
The Group contributed ₹1,323 crore and ₹1,257 crore to the
2025 2024
provident fund during the year ended March 31, 2025 and
Remeasurements of the net defined March 31, 2024, respectively. The same has been recognized in
benefit liability / (asset) the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss under the head
Actuarial (gains) / losses 218 96 employee benefit expense.
(Return) / loss on plan assets excluding The provident plans are applicable only to employees drawing a
amounts included in the net interest salary in Indian rupees.
on the net defined benefit liability /
(asset) (245) (234) 2.22.3 Superannuation
Irrecoverable surplus - effect of asset The Group contributed ₹512 crore and ₹513 crore during the
ceiling 61 – year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively and
34 (138) the same has been recognized in the Consolidated Statement of
Profit and Loss under the head employee benefit expense.
The assumptions used in determining the present value
obligation of the defined benefit plan under the Deterministic 2.22.4 Employee benefit costs include
Approach are as follows: (In ₹ crore)
Particulars Year ended March 31,
(In %)
2025 2024
Particulars As at March 31,
Salaries and bonus(1) 83,739 80,532
2025 2024
Defined contribution plans 677 670
Government of India (GOI) bond yield(1) 6.50 7.00
Defined benefit plans 1,534 1,418
Expected rate of return on plan assets 8.00 8.20
85,950 82,620
Remaining term to maturity of 6 years 6 years
portfolio (1) Includes employee stock compensation expense of ₹802 crore and ₹652
Expected guaranteed interest rate 8.25 8.25 crore for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 respectively.
2.23 Earnings per equity share
(1) In India, the market for high quality corporate bonds being not
developed, the yield of government bonds is considered as the discount Accounting policy
rate. The tenure has been considered taking into account the past long- Basic earnings per equity share is computed by dividing the net
term trend of employees’ average remaining service life which reflects the
profit attributable to the equity holders of the Group by the
average estimated term of the post- employment benefit obligations.
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during
The break-up of the plan assets into various categories as at the period. Diluted earnings per equity share is computed by
March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 are as follows: dividing the net profit attributable to the equity holders of
the Group by the weighted average number of equity shares
(In %) considered for deriving basic earnings per equity share and also
the weighted average number of equity shares that could have
Particulars As at March 31,
been issued upon conversion of all dilutive potential equity
2025 2024
shares. The dilutive potential equity shares are adjusted for the
Central and State government bonds 60 60 proceeds receivable had the equity shares been actually issued at
Public sector undertakings and Private fair value (i.e. the average market value of the outstanding equity
sector bonds 28 30 shares). Dilutive potential equity shares are deemed converted
as at the beginning of the period, unless issued at a later date.
Others 12 10
Dilutive potential equity shares are determined independently
for each period presented.
The asset allocation for plan assets is determined based on the
The number of equity shares and potentially dilutive equity
investment criteria prescribed under the relevant regulations.
shares are adjusted retrospectively for all periods presented for
The actuarial valuation of provident fund liability exposes any share splits and bonus shares issues including for changes
the Group to interest rate risk. The defined benefit obligation effected prior to the approval of the financial statements by
calculated uses a discount rate based on government the Board of Directors.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 359
The computation of basic earnings per equity share is as follows: 2.24.1 Contingent liability
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Year ended March 31,
Particulars Year ended March 31,
2025 2024
2025 2024
Profit attributable to equity
holders of the Company Contingent liabilities :
(in ₹ crore) 26,713 26,233 Claims against the Group, not
Basic earnings per equity share acknowledged as debts(1) 2,953 3,583
- weighted average number of [Amount paid to statutory authorities
equity shares outstanding(1) 414,16,11,738 413,85,68,090 ₹4,207 crore (₹8,754 crore)]
Basic earnings per equity
share (₹) 64.50 63.39 (1) As at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, claims against the Group not
acknowledged as debts in respect of income tax matters amounted to
₹1,933 crore and ₹2,794 crore, respectively.
The reconciliation of the equity shares used in the computation
of basic and diluted earnings per equity share and computation The claims against the Group primarily represent demands
of diluted earnings per equity share is as follows: arising on completion of assessment proceedings under the
Income Tax Act, 1961. These claims are on account of issues of
Particulars Year ended March 31, disallowance of expenditure towards software being held as
capital in nature, payments made to Associated Enterprises held
2025 2024
as liable for withholding of taxes, among others. These matters
Profit attributable to equity
are pending before various Income Tax Authorities and the
holders of the Company
Management including its tax advisors expect that its position
(in ₹ crore) 26,713 26,233
will likely be upheld on ultimate resolution and will not have a
Weighted average number of material adverse effect on the Group's financial position and
equity shares outstanding used results of operations.
in computing in basic earnings
per equity share(1) 414,16,11,738 413,85,68,090 Amount paid to statutory authorities against the tax claims
amounted to ₹4,199 crore and ₹8,743 crore as at March 31, 2025
Effect of dilutive common
and March 31, 2024, respectively.
equivalent shares - share
options outstanding 104,39,446 61,12,335
2.24.2 Legal proceedings
Weighted average number of
McCamish Cybersecurity incident
equity shares and common
equivalent shares outstanding In November 2023, certain systems of Infosys McCamish
used in computing diluted Systems LLC (“McCamish”), a subsidiary of Infosys BPM Limited
earnings per equity share 415,20,51,184 414,46,80,425
(a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited), were encrypted
Diluted earnings per equity by ransomware, resulting in the non-availability of certain
share (₹) 64.34 63.29 applications and systems. McCamish initiated its incident
response and engaged cybersecurity and other specialists
(1) Excludes treasury shares. to assist in its investigation of and response to the incident
For the years ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, there and remediation and restoration of impacted applications
were 13,931 and 1,19,711 options to purchase equity shares which and systems. By December 31, 2023, McCamish, with external
had an anti-dilutive effect. specialists’ assistance, substantially remediated and restored the
affected applications and systems. Actions taken by McCamish
included investigative analysis conducted by a third-party
2.24 Contingent liabilities and commitments
cybersecurity firm to determine, among other things, whether
Accounting policy
and the extent to which the Company or customer data was
Contingent liability is a possible obligation arising from past subject to unauthorized access or exfiltration. McCamish also
events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the engaged a third-party eDiscovery vendor in assessing the extent
occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future and nature of such data. McCamish in coordination with its third-
events not wholly within the control of the entity or a present party eDiscovery vendor has identified corporate customers
obligation that arises from past events but is not recognized and individuals whose information was subject to unauthorized
because it is not probable that an outflow of resources access and exfiltration. McCamish processes personal data on
embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the behalf of its corporate customers.
obligation or the amount of the obligation cannot be measured
with sufficient reliability.
360 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
From March 6, 2024 through July 25, 2024, six actions were filed crore) in the Statement of Profit and Loss. McCamish may incur
in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia additional costs including from indemnities or damages/claims,
against McCamish. The actions arise out of the cybersecurity which are indeterminable at this time.
incident at McCamish initially disclosed on November 3, 2023.
Others
All six actions have since been consolidated, and the
consolidated class action complaint was filed on November Apart from legal proceedings and claims arising from the
7, 2024, purportedly on behalf of all persons residing in the McCamish cybersecurity incident, the Group is subject to legal
United States whose personally identifiable information was proceedings and claims which have arisen in the ordinary course
compromised in the incident, including all who were sent of business. The Group’s management reasonably expects that
a notice of the incident. On December 20, 2024, the Court such ordinary course legal actions, when ultimately concluded
granted the parties’ joint motion to stay proceedings pending and determined, will not have a material and adverse effect on
the parties’ efforts to resolve the lawsuit through mediation. the Group’s results of operations or financial condition.
On March 13, 2025, McCamish and the plaintiffs engaged in
mediation, resulting in an in-principle agreement that sets forth 2.24.3 Commitments
the terms of a proposed settlement of the class action lawsuits (In ₹ crore)
against McCamish, as well as seven class action lawsuits arising
Particulars Year ended March 31,
out of the incident that have been filed against McCamish’s
customers. Under the settlement terms, McCamish has agreed 2025 2024
to pay $17.5 million (approximately ₹150 crore) into a fund to Estimated amount of contracts
settle these matters. The agreed terms are subject to finalization remaining to be executed on capital
of the terms of the settlement agreement, and preliminary contracts and not provided for (net of
and final court approval. If approved, the settlement will advances and deposits)(1) 935 780
resolve all allegations made in the class action lawsuits without
Other commitments* 122 79
admission of any liability.
McCamish has recorded an accrual of $17.5 million 1) Capital contracts primarily comprises of commitments for infrastructure
facilities and computer equipment.
(approximately ₹150 crore) related to the settlement. McCamish
* Uncalled capital pertaining to investments.
has recognized an insurance reimbursement receivable of $17
million (approximately ₹145 crore) which has been offset against
the settlement expense of $17.5 million (approximately ₹150
2.25 Related party transactions
List of related parties
(In %)
Name of subsidiaries Country Holdings as at March 31,
2025 2024
Infosys Technologies (China) Co. Limited (Infosys China)(1) China 100 100
Infosys Technologies S. de R. L. de C. V. (Infosys Mexico)(1) Mexico 100 100
Infosys Technologies (Sweden) AB (Infosys Sweden)(1) Sweden 100 100
Infosys Technologies (Shanghai) Company Limited (Infosys Shanghai)(1) China 100 100
EdgeVerve Systems Limited (EdgeVerve)(1) India 100 100
Infosys Austria GmbH(1) Austria 100 100
Skava Systems Private Limited (Skava Systems)(1)(35) India – 100
Infosys Chile SpA(1) Chile 100 100
Infosys Arabia Limited(2)(20) Saudi Arabia 70 70
Infosys Consulting Ltda.(1) Brazil 100 100
Infosys Luxembourg S.a.r.l(1) Luxembourg 100 100
Infosys Americas Inc. (Infosys Americas)(1)(23) US – –
Infosys Consulting S.R.L.(2) Argentina 100 100
Infosys Romania S.r.l. (formerly Infosys Consulting S.R.L. (Romania))(1) Romania 100 100
Infosys Limited Bulgaria EOOD(1) Bulgaria 100 100
Infosys Turkey Bilgi Teknolojileri Limited Sirketi(1) Turkey 100 100
Infosys Germany Holding Gmbh(1) Germany 100 100
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 361
Name of subsidiaries Country Holdings as at March 31,
2025 2024
Infosys Automotive and Mobility GmbH & Co. KG(1) Germany 100 100
Infosys Green Forum(1) India 100 100
Infosys Business Solutions LLC(1) Qatar 100 100
WongDoody Inc.(1)(37) US – 100
IDUNN Information Technology Private Limited (formerly Danske IT and India 100 100
Support Services India Private Limited (“Danske IT”))(1)(25)
Infosys Public Services, Inc. USA (Infosys Public Services)(1) US 100 100
Infosys Public Services Canada Inc.(11) Canada 100 100
Infosys BPM Limited(1) India 100 100
Infosys BPM UK Limited(3) UK 100 100
Infosys (Czech Republic) Limited s.r.o.(3) Czech Republic 100 100
Infosys Poland Sp z.o.o(3) Poland 100 100
Infosys McCamish Systems LLC(3) US 100 100
Portland Group Pty Ltd(3) Australia 100 100
Infosys BPO Americas LLC.(3) US 100 100
Infosys BPM Canada Inc(3)(24)(29) Canada – –
Panaya Inc. (Panaya)(1) US 100 100
Panaya Ltd.(4) Israel 100 100
Panaya Germany GmbH(4) Germany 100 100
Brilliant Basics Holdings Limited (Brilliant Basics)(1)(20) UK 100 100
Brilliant Basics Limited(5)(20) UK 100 100
Infosys Consulting Holding AG(1) Switzerland 100 100
Infosys Management Consulting Pty Limited(6) Australia 100 100
Infosys Consulting AG(6) Switzerland 100 100
Infosys Consulting GmbH(6) Germany 100 100
Infosys Consulting SAS(6) France 100 100
Infy Consulting B.V.(6) The Netherlands 100 100
Infosys Consulting (Belgium) NV(6) Belgium 100 100
Infy Consulting Company Ltd(6) UK 100 100
GuideVision s.r.o.(7) Czech Republic 100 100
GuideVision Deutschland GmbH(8) Germany 100 100
GuideVision Suomi Oy(8) Finland 100 100
GuideVision Magyarország Kft(8) Hungary 100 100
GuideVision Polska Sp. z.o.o(8) Poland 100 100
GuideVision UK Ltd(8)(20) UK 100 100
Infosys Nova Holdings LLC. (Infosys Nova)(1) US 100 100
Outbox systems Inc. dba Simplus (US)(9)(38) US – 100
Simplus ANZ Pty Ltd(9) Australia 100 100
Simplus Australia Pty Ltd(10) Australia 100 100
Simplus Philippines, Inc.(9) Philippines 100 100
Kaleidoscope Animations, Inc.(9)(38) US – 100
Kaleidoscope Prototyping LLC(17)(27) US – –
Blue Acorn iCi Inc (formerly Beringer Commerce Inc)(9)(38) US – 100
Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd. (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd.)(1) Singapore 100 100
362 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Name of subsidiaries Country Holdings as at March 31,
2025 2024
Infosys Financial Services GmbH. (formerly Panaya GmbH)(12) Germany 100 100
Infosys South Africa (Pty) Ltd(12) South Africa 100 100
Infosys (Malaysia) SDN. BHD. (formerly Global Enterprise International
(Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.)(12) Malaysia 100 100
Infosys Middle East FZ LLC(12) Dubai 100 100
Infosys Norway(12) Norway 100 100
Infosys Compaz Pte. Ltd(13) Singapore 60 60
HIPUS Co., Ltd(13) Japan 81 81
Fluido Oy(12) Finland 100 100
Fluido Sweden AB(14) Sweden 100 100
Fluido Norway A/S(14) Norway 100 100
Fluido Denmark A/S(14) Denmark 100 100
Fluido Slovakia s.r.o(14) Slovakia 100 100
Infosys Fluido UK, Ltd(14) U.K. 100 100
Infosys Fluido Ireland, Ltd(15) Ireland 100 100
Stater N.V.(13) The Netherlands 75 75
Stater Nederland B.V.(16) The Netherlands 75 75
Stater XXL B.V.(16) The Netherlands 75 75
HypoCasso B.V.(16) The Netherlands 75 75
Stater Participations B.V.(28) The Netherlands – –
Stater Belgium N.V./S.A.(16)(28) Belgium 75 75
Stater Gmbh(16) Germany 75 75
Infosys Germany GmbH (formerly Kristall 247. GmbH (“Kristall”))(12) Germany 100 100
Wongdoody Gmbh (formerly known as oddity GmbH)(18) Germany 100 100
WongDoody (Shanghai) Co. Limited (formerly known as oddity (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.)(19) China 100 100
WongDoody limited (Taipei) (formerly known as oddity Limited (Taipei))(19) Taiwan 100 100
oddity space GmbH(18)(26) Germany – –
oddity jungle GmbH(18)(26) Germany – –
oddity code GmbH(18)(26) Germany – –
WongDoody d.o.o (formerly known as oddity code d.o.o)(19)(26) Serbia 100 100
oddity waves GmbH(18)(26) Germany – –
oddity group services GmbH(18)(26) Germany – –
BASE life science A/S(12) Denmark 100 100
BASE life science AG(21) Switzerland 100 100
BASE life science GmbH(21) Germany 100 100
BASE life science S.A.S(21) France 100 100
BASE life science Ltd.(21) UK 100 100
BASE life science S.r.l.(21) Italy 100 100
Innovisor Inc.(21) US 100 100
BASE life science Inc.(21) US 100 100
BASE life science S.L.(21) Spain 100 100
InSemi Technology Services Private Limited(30) India 100 100
Elbrus Labs Private Limited(30)(22) India 100 –
Infosys Services (Thailand) Limited(1)(32) Thailand 100 –
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 363
Name of subsidiaries Country Holdings as at March 31,
2025 2024
Infy tech SAS(12)(31) France 100 –
in-tech Holding GmbH(33)(39) Germany – –
in-tech GmbH(33) Germany 100 –
Friedrich & Wagner Asia Pacific GmbH(33)(39) Germany – –
drivetech Fahrversuch GmbH(33) Germany 100 –
ProIT(33) Romania 100 –
in-tech Automotive Engineering de R.L. de C.V(33)(20) Mexico 100 –
Friedrich Wagner Holding Inc.(33)(20) US 100 –
in-tech Automotive Engineering SL(33) Spain 100 –
in-tech Automotive Engineering LLC(33)(36) US – –
in-tech Services LLC(33)(36) US – –
in-tech Engineering s.r.o(33) Czech Republic 100 –
in-tech Engineering GmbH(33) Austria 100 –
in-tech Engineering services S.R.L(33) Romania 100 –
in-tech Group Ltd(33) UK 100 –
In-tech Automotive Engineering Shenyang Co. Ltd(33) China 100 –
in-tech Group India Private Ltd(33) India 100 –
In-tech Automotive Engineering Beijing Co., Ltd(33) China 100 –
Blitz 24-893 SE(34) Germany 100 –
Infosys Limited SPC(1)(40) Oman 100 –
Infosys BPM Netherlands B.V.(3)(41) The Netherlands 100 –
(1) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited
(2) Majority-owned and controlled subsidiary of Infosys Limited
(3) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys BPM Limited
(4) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Panaya Inc.
(5) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Brilliant Basics Holding Limited.
(6) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Consulting Holding AG
(7) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infy Consulting Company Limited
(8) Wholly-owned subsidiary of GuideVision s.r.o.
(9) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Nova Holdings LLC
(10) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Simplus ANZ Pty Ltd
(11) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Public Services, Inc.
(12) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd. (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd.)
(13) Majority owned and controlled subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd. (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd.)
(14) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Fluido Oy
(15) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Fluido UK, Ltd.
(16) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Stater N.V
(17) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Kaleidoscope Animations, Inc.
(18) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Germany GmbH (formerly Kristall 247. GmbH (“Kristall”))
(19) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Wongdoody Gmbh (formerly known as oddity GmbH)
(20) Under liquidation
(21) Wholly-owned subsidiary of BASE life science A/S
(22) Wholly-owned subsidiary of InSemi Technology Services Private Limited
364 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
(23) Liquidated effective July 14, 2023
(24) Incorporated on August 11, 2023
(25) On September 1, 2023, Infosys Ltd. acquired 100% of voting interests in IDUNN Information Technology Private Limited (formerly Danske IT and Support Services
India Private Limited (“Danske IT”))
(26) On September 29, 2023, oddity space GmbH, oddity waves GmbH, oddity jungle GmbH, oddity group services GmbH and oddity code GmbH merged into
WongDoody GmbH and oddity code d.o.o which was formerly a subsidiary of oddity code Gmbh has become a subsidiary of Wongdoody Gmbh (formerly
known as oddity GmbH).
(27) Kaleidoscope Prototyping LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kaleidoscope Animations is liquidated effective November 1, 2023
(28) On November 24, 2023, Stater Participations B.V (A wholly-owned subsidiary of Stater N.V.) merged with Stater N.V. and Stater Belgium
N.V./S.A which was formerly a wholly-owned subsidiary of Stater Participations B.V. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Stater N.V.
(29) On March 15, 2024, Infosys BPM Canada Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys BPM Limited got dissolved.
(30) On May 10, 2024, Infosys Ltd. acquired 100% of voting interests in InSemi Technology Services Private Limited along with its subsidiary Elbrus Labs Private
Limited.
(31) Incorporated on July 03, 2024
(32) Incorporated on July 26, 2024
(33) On July 17, 2024, Infosys Germany GmbH, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte. Limited, acquired 100% of voting interests in in-tech Holding
GmbH along with its subsidiary in-tech GmbH along with its six subsidiaries in-tech Automotive Engineering SL, ProIT, in-tech Automotive Engineering de R.L.
de C.V, drivetech Fahrversuch GmbH, Friedrich Wagner Holding Inc along with its two subsidiaries (in-tech Automotive Engineering LLC and in-tech Services
LLC) and Friedrich & Wagner Asia Pacific GmbH along with its five subsidiaries in-tech engineering s.r.o, in-tech engineering GmbH, in-tech engineering
services S.R.L, in-tech Group Ltd along with its subsidiary (in-tech Group India Private Limited) and In-tech Automotive Engineering Shenyang Co., Ltd along
with its subsidiary (In-tech Automotive Engineering Beijing Co., Ltd). Subsequently on September 01, 2024 in-tech Group India Private Limited became a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys limited.
(34) On October 17, 2024, Infosys Singapore Pte Ltd. acquired 100% of voting interests in Blitz 24-893 SE
(35) Liquidated effective November 14, 2024
(36) Liquidated effective November 30, 2024
(37) WongDoody Inc, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys limited merged into Infosys Nova Holdings LLC effective January 1, 2025.
(38) Kaleidoscope Animations, Blue Acorn iCi Inc and Outbox systems Inc. dba Simplus (US) merged into Infosys Nova Holdings LLC effective
January 1, 2025.
(39) In-tech Holding GmbH and Friedrich & Wagner Asia Pacific GmbH merged into in-tech GmbH effective January 1, 2025.
(40) Incorporated on December 12, 2024
(41) Incorporated on March 20, 2025
List of other related party
Particulars Country Nature of relationship
Infosys Limited Employees' Gratuity Fund Trust India Post-employment benefit plan of Infosys
Infosys Limited Employees' Provident Fund Trust India Post-employment benefit plan of Infosys
Infosys Limited Employees' Superannuation Fund Trust India Post-employment benefit plan of Infosys
Infosys BPM Limited Employees' Superannuation Fund Trust India Post-employment benefit plan of Infosys BPM
Infosys BPM Limited Employees' Gratuity Fund Trust India Post-employment benefit plan of Infosys BPM
EdgeVerve Systems Limited Employees' Gratuity Fund Trust India Post-employment benefit plan of EdgeVerve
EdgeVerve Systems Limited Employees' Superannuation Fund Trust India Post-employment benefit plan of EdgeVerve
Infosys Employees Welfare Trust India Controlled trust
Infosys Employee Benefits Trust India Controlled trust
Infosys Science Foundation India Controlled trust
Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Trust India Controlled trust
Infosys Foundation(1) India Trust jointly controlled by KMPs
Refer to Note 2.22 for information on transactions with post-employment benefit plans mentioned above.
(1) During the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, the Group contributed ₹434 crore and ₹408 crore, respectively towards CSR.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 365
List of key management personnel
Whole-time Directors
Salil Parekh, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
Non-whole-time Directors
Nandan M. Nilekani
D. Sundaram
Micheal Gibbs
Bobby Parikh
Chitra Nayak
Govind Iyer
Helene Auriol Potier (appointed as independent director effective May 26, 2023)
Nitin Paranjpe (appointed as an additional and independent director effective January 1, 2024)
Uri Levine (retired as independent director effective April 19, 2023)
Executive Officers
Inderpreet Sawhney, Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Officer
Jayesh Sanghrajka (appointed as Chief Financial Officer effective April 1, 2024)
Nilanjan Roy (resigned as Chief Financial Officer of the Company effective March 31, 2024)
Shaji Mathew , Chief Human Resources Officer
Mohit Joshi (resigned as President effective March 11, 2023 and was on leave till June 9, 2023 which was his last date with the Company)
Company Secretary
A.G.S. Manikantha
Transaction with key management personnel:
The table below describes the compensation to key management personnel which comprise directors and executive officers:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Year ended March 31,
2025 2024
Salaries and other short term employee benefits to whole-time directors and 118 113
executive officers(1)(2)
Commission and other benefits to non-executive/independent directors 19 17
Total 137 130
(1) Total employee stock compensation expense for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 includes a charge of ₹70 crore and ₹68 crore, respectively,
towards key management personnel. (Refer to Note 2.12)
(2) Does not include post-employment benefits and other long-term benefits based on actuarial valuation as these are done for the Company as a whole.
366 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Additional information pursuant to para 2 of general instructions for the preparation of Consolidated financial statements
Name of entity Net assets Share in profit or loss Share in other Share in total
comprehensive income comprehensive income
as % age of Amount as % age of Amount as % age of Amount as % age of Amount
consolidated (In ₹ crore) consolidated (In ₹ crore) consolidated (In ₹ crore) consolidated (In ₹ crore)
net assets profit or loss other total
comprehensive comprehensive
income income
Infosys Limited 75.24 87,332 87.99 25,568 100.00 105 88.03 25,673
Indian subsidiaries
Infosys BPM Limited 2.82 3,276 2.66 773 (3.81) (4) 2.64 769
EdgeVerve Systems
Limited (EdgeVerve) 1.54 1,783 3.77 1,095 (0.95) (1) 3.75 1,094
Infosys Green Forum 0.26 304 0.02 6 – – 0.02 6
IDUNN Information
Technology Private
Limited (formerly
Danske IT and Support
Services India Private
Limited (“Danske IT”)) 0.07 79 – – – – – –
Skava Systems Pvt.
Ltd. (Skava Systems) – – – – – – – –
Elbrus
Labs Private Limited 0.00 4 – – – – – –
Insemi Technology
Service Private Limited 0.04 42 (0.02) (5) – – (0.02) (5)
in-tech Group India
Private Ltd 0.00 1 – – – – – –
Foreign subsidiaries
Infosys
Technologies (China)
Co. Limited (Infosys China) 0.61 706 0.53 153 – – 0.52 153
Infosys Technologies
S. de R. L. de C.
V. (Infosys Mexico) 0.47 548 0.29 85 – – 0.29 85
Infosys Technologies
(Sweden)
AB. (Infosys Sweden) 0.22 250 0.19 56 – – 0.19 56
Infosys Technologies
(Shanghai) Company
Limited (Infosys Shanghai) 0.33 379 (0.25) (72) – – (0.25) (72)
Panaya Inc. (Panaya) 0.16 189 (0.03) (8) – – (0.03) (8)
Infosys Nova Holdings
LLC. (Infosys Nova) 2.57 2,978 0.31 89 – – 0.31 89
Panaya Ltd (0.14) (161) 0.64 187 – – 0.64 187
Infosys Financial
Services GmbH (formerly
known as Panaya Gmbh) 0.00 4 0.00 1 – – 0.00 1
Infosys Middle East FZ LLC (0.01) (8) 0.01 3 1.90 2 0.02 5
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 367
Name of entity Net assets Share in profit or loss Share in other Share in total
comprehensive income comprehensive income
as % age of Amount as % age of Amount as % age of Amount as % age of Amount
consolidated (In ₹ crore) consolidated (In ₹ crore) consolidated (In ₹ crore) consolidated (In ₹ crore)
net assets profit or loss other total
comprehensive comprehensive
income income
Infosys Chile SpA 0.05 59 0.08 22 – – 0.08 22
WongDoody, Inc – – 0.17 48 – – 0.16 48
Fluido Oy 0.13 151 0.07 20 – – 0.07 20
Fluido Sweden AB (Extero) 0.07 78 0.06 18 – – 0.06 18
Fluido Norway A/S 0.06 66 0.03 10 – – 0.03 10
Fluido Denmark A/S (0.01) (8) 0.02 7 – – 0.02 7
Fluido Slovakia s.r.o 0.01 7 0.00 1 – – 0.00 1
Infosys Fluido UK Ltd 0.00 (4) 0.03 10 – – 0.03 10
Infosys Fluido Ireland Ltd 0.01 7 0.01 3 – – 0.01 3
Infosys Consulting
Holding AG 0.50 582 0.51 147 – – 0.50 147
Infosys Management
Consulting Pty Ltd 0.06 72 0.07 20 – – 0.07 20
Infosys Consulting AG 0.14 162 0.11 33 3.81 4 0.13 37
Infosys Consulting
(Belgium) NV – – 0.01 4 – – 0.01 4
Infosys Consulting GmbH 0.14 165 0.11 33 – – 0.11 33
Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd 5.84 6,782 0.00 (1) – – 0.00 (1)
Infosys Consulting SAS 0.01 10 0.02 5 – – 0.02 5
Infosys Consulting
S.R.L. (Argentina) (0.01) (17) (0.11) (31) – – (0.11) (31)
Infosys Austria GMBH 0.00 3 0.01 4 – – 0.01 4
Infy Consulting B.V. 0.06 65 0.02 7 – – 0.02 7
Infosys Consulting Ltda 0.14 167 0.16 46 – – 0.16 46
Infosys Consulting S.R.L. 0.12 134 0.09 26 – – 0.09 26
Infosys
McCamish Systems LLC 1.06 1,233 0.26 76 – – 0.26 76
Stater N.V. 0.37 432 0.47 138 – – 0.47 138
Stater Nederland B.V. 0.11 133 (0.27) (78) – – (0.27) (78)
Stater XXL B.V. – – – – – – - –
HypoCasso B.V. 0.02 23 0.04 11 – – 0.04 11
Stater Gmbh (0.05) (61) (0.10) (29) – – (0.10) (29)
Stater Belgium N.V./S.A. 0.10 113 0.07 20 0.95 1 0.07 21
Infosys South
Africa (Pty) Ltd 0.01 10 – – – – – –
Infosys Limited
Bulgaria EOOD 0.01 13 0.02 5 – – 0.02 5
368 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Name of entity Net assets Share in profit or loss Share in other Share in total
comprehensive income comprehensive income
as % age of Amount as % age of Amount as % age of Amount as % age of Amount
consolidated (In ₹ crore) consolidated (In ₹ crore) consolidated (In ₹ crore) consolidated (In ₹ crore)
net assets profit or loss other total
comprehensive comprehensive
income income
Kaleidoscope
Animations, Inc. – – 0.16 46 – – 0.16 46
Blue Acorn iCi Inc
(formerly known as
Beringer Commerce Inc) – – 0.18 53 – – 0.18 53
GuideVision, s.r.o.. 0.13 152 0.14 41 – – 0.14 41
GuideVision Deutschland
GmbH (0.01) (9) – – – – – –
GuideVision Suomi Oy 0.00 (3) (0.01) (3) – – (0.01) (3)
GuideVision
Magyarország Kft. 0.00 (1) 0.00 (1) – – 0.00 (1)
GuideVision Polska
SP. Z O.O. – – – – – – – –
GuideVision UK Ltd 0.00 2 – – – – – –
Infosys Germany Holding
Gmbh 0.00 1 0.00 (1) – – 0.00 (1)
Infosys Automotive and
Mobility GmbH & Co. KG (1.07) (1,239) (0.83) (240) 0.95 1 (0.82) (239)
Infosys Turkey
Bilgi Teknolojikeri
Limited Sirketi 0.01 8 (0.08) (23) – – (0.08) (23)
Infosys Germany GmbH
(formerly Kristall
247. GmbH (“Kristall”)) 3.50 4,065 (0.18) (53) – – (0.18) (53)
WongDoody GmbH
(formerly known as
oddity GmbH) 0.03 36 (0.06) (17) – – (0.06) (17)
oddity (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 0.01 6 0.00 1 – – 0.00 1
oddity Limited(Taipei) 0.00 1 0.00 1 – – 0.00 1
Wongdoody d.o.o 0.01 6 0.00 1 – – 0.00 1
Infosys Business
Solutions LLC 0.04 48 0.06 16 – – 0.05 16
Panaya Germany GmbH 0.00 (1) 0.00 1 – – 0.00 1
Infosys Arabia Limited 0.00 4 – – – – – –
Infosys Norway 0.00 1 – – – – – –
Outbox systems
Inc. dba Simplus (US) – – 0.12 34 – – 0.12 34
Simplus Australia Pty Ltd 0.01 16 0.04 12 – – 0.04 12
Simplus Philippines, Inc. 0.02 19 0.01 4 – – 0.01 4
Simplus ANZ Pty Ltd. – – – – – – – –
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 369
Name of entity Net assets Share in profit or loss Share in other Share in total
comprehensive income comprehensive income
as % age of Amount as % age of Amount as % age of Amount as % age of Amount
consolidated (In ₹ crore) consolidated (In ₹ crore) consolidated (In ₹ crore) consolidated (In ₹ crore)
net assets profit or loss other total
comprehensive comprehensive
income income
BASE life science AG 0.00 (3) (0.10) (28) (2.86) (3) (0.11) (31)
BASE life science GmbH 0.00 (1) 0.01 3 – – 0.01 3
BASE life science A/S 0.01 10 (0.28) (80) – – (0.27) (80)
BASE life science S.A.S 0.00 2 0.01 2 – – 0.01 2
BASE life science Ltd. 0.01 8 0.01 3 – – 0.01 3
BASE life science S.r.l. 0.00 (1) 0.00 (1) – – 0.00 (1)
Innovisor Inc. – – – – – – – –
BASE life science Inc. 0.00 (2) 0.00 (1) – – 0.00 (1)
BASE life science S.L. 0.01 12 0.02 5 – – 0.02 5
Infosys Public Services,
Inc. USA (Infosys Public
Services) 1.50 1,745 1.16 338 – – 1.16 338
Infosys Luxembourg S.a.r.l 0.05 57 0.06 17 – – 0.06 17
Infosys Compaz PTE Ltd 0.26 303 0.30 87 – – 0.30 87
Infy Consulting
Company Limited 0.29 334 0.26 75 – – 0.26 75
Infosys Poland Sp. Z.o.o 1.06 1,227 0.50 145 – – 0.50 145
Portland Group Pty Ltd 0.04 50 – – – – – –
Infosys BPO Americas LLC 0.08 96 0.06 18 – – 0.06 18
Infosys (Czech
Republic) Limited s.r.o. 0.09 103 (0.03) (9) – – (0.03) (9)
HIPUS Co., Ltd 0.13 149 0.11 31 – – 0.11 31
Infosys (Malaysia) SDN.
BHD. (formerly Global
Enterprise International
(Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.) 0.02 25 0.03 8 – – 0.03 8
Infosys BPM UK Limited 0.02 22 – – – – – –
Infosys Public
Services Canada Inc. 0.03 31 0.02 7 – – 0.02 7
Brilliant Basics Holdings
Limited 0.06 70 0.00 1 – – 0.00 1
Brilliant Basics Limited 0.00 1 – – – – – –
Infy tech SAS – – – – – – – –
In-tech Automotive
Engineering
Shenyang Co. Ltd 0.01 11 0.01 2 – – 0.01 2
370 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Name of entity Net assets Share in profit or loss Share in other Share in total
comprehensive income comprehensive income
as % age of Amount as % age of Amount as % age of Amount as % age of Amount
consolidated (In ₹ crore) consolidated (In ₹ crore) consolidated (In ₹ crore) consolidated (In ₹ crore)
net assets profit or loss other total
comprehensive comprehensive
income income
In-tech Automotive
Engineering Beijing Co., Ltd 0.01 9 0.00 1 – – 0.00 1
in-tech Holding GmbH 0.07 83 0.02 5 – – 0.02 5
in-tech GmbH 0.41 471 0.07 21 – – 0.07 21
Drivetech Fahrversuch
GmbH 0.01 6 0.01 2 – – 0.01 2
Friedrich & Wagner
Asia Pacific GmbH – – 0.03 10 – – 0.03 10
ProIT,S.R.L 0.02 19 0.01 3 – – 0.01 3
in-tech Engineering
services S.R.L, RO 0.01 7 0.00 1 – – 0.00 1
in-tech Automotive
Engineering SL 0.00 (4) – – – – – –
in-tech Engineering
GmbH, Austria 0.01 9 0.01 3 – – 0.01 3
in-tech Automotive
Engineering LLC – – – – – – – –
Friedrich & Wagner
Holding Inc. 0.00 (2) 0.00 (1) – – 0.00 (1)
in-tech Services LLC – – – – – – – –
in-tech Automotive
Engineering de R.L. de C.V – – – – – – – –
in-tech Engineering s.r.o 0.01 12 0.01 2 – – 0.01 2
in-tech Group Ltd 0.01 7 0.04 13 – – 0.04 13
Blitz 24-893 SE 0.00 1 – – – – – –
Infosys
Services (Thailand) Limited 0.01 10 (0.01) (2) – – (0.01) (2)
Subtotal 100.00 116,072 100.00 29,059 100.00 105 100.00 29,164
Adjustment arising
out of consolidation (20,129) (2,328) 349 (1,979)
Controlled Trusts (125) (18) – (18)
95,818 26,713 454 27,167
Non-controlling interests 385 37 5 42
Total 96,203 26,750 459 27,209
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 371
2.26 Segment reporting Revenue and identifiable operating expenses in relation to
segments are categorized based on items that are individually
Ind AS 108, Operating segments, establishes standards for the
identifiable to that segment. Revenue for 'all other segments'
way that public business enterprises report information about
represents revenue generated by Infosys Public services and
operating segments and related disclosures about products
revenue generated from customers located in India, Japan
and services, geographic areas, and major customers. The
and China and other enterprises in Public services. Allocated
Group's operations predominantly relate to providing end-to-
expenses of segments include expenses incurred for rendering
end business solutions to enable clients to enhance business
services from the Group's offshore software development
performance. The Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM)
centers and on-site expenses, which are categorized in
evaluates the Group's performance and allocates resources based
relation to the associated efforts of the segment. Certain
on an analysis of various performance indicators by business
expenses such as depreciation and amortization, which form
segments. Accordingly, information has been presented along
a significant component of total expenses, are not specifically
business segments. The accounting principles used in the
allocable to specific segments as the underlying assets are
preparation of the financial statements are consistently applied
used interchangeably.
to record revenue and expenditure in individual segments, and
The Management believes that it is not practical to provide
are as set out in the accounting policies.
segment disclosures relating to those costs and expenses,
Business segments of the Group are primarily enterprises in and accordingly these expenses are separately disclosed as
Financial Services and Insurance, enterprises in Manufacturing, "unallocated" and adjusted against the total income of the Group.
enterprises in Retail, Consumer Packaged Goods and Logistics,
Assets and liabilities used in the Group's business are not
enterprises in the Energy, Utilities, Resources and Services,
identified to any of the reportable segments, as these are used
enterprises in Communication, Telecom OEM and Media,
interchangeably between segments. The Management believes
enterprises in Hi-Tech, enterprises in Life Sciences and Healthcare
that it is currently not practicable to provide segment disclosures
and all other segments. The Financial services reportable
relating to total assets and liabilities since a meaningful
segments has been aggregated to include the Financial Services
segregation of the available data is onerous.
operating segment and Finacle operating segment because
of the similarity of the economic characteristics. All other Business segment revenue information is collated based on
segments represent the operating segments of businesses individual customers invoiced or in relation to which the revenue
in India, Japan, China, Infosys Public Services and other is otherwise recognized.
enterprises in Public Services.
Disclosure of revenue by geographic locations is given in Note
2.18, Revenue from operations.
372 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
Business segments
Year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024:
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Financial Retail (2) Communication(3) Energy, Manufacturing Hi-Tech Life All other Total
Services (1) Utilities, Sciences(4) segments(5)
Resources
and
Services
Revenue from
operations 45,175 22,059 19,108 21,710 25,207 13,090 11,831 4,810 1,62,990
42,158 22,504 17,991 20,035 22,298 12,411 11,515 4,758 1,53,670
Identifiable
operating
expenses 25,871 10,931 12,420 11,882 16,167 7,592 7,166 2,986 95,015
24,782 11,704 11,071 10,838 14,596 7,232 6,716 2,938 89,877
Allocated
expenses 8,205 3,995 3,347 3,731 4,184 2,278 2,002 997 28,739
8,052 3,918 3,232 3,674 3,505 2,026 1,901 1,060 27,368
Segment
operating
income 11,099 7,133 3,341 6,097 4,856 3,220 2,663 827 39,236
9,324 6,882 3,688 5,523 4,197 3,153 2,898 760 36,425
Unallocable
expenses 4,812
4,678
Other income, net 3,600
4,711
Finance cost 416
Profit before tax 37,608
35,988
Income tax expense 10,858
9,740
Net profit 26,750
26,248
Depreciation and amortization expense 4,812
4,678
Non-cash expenses other than depreciation and amortization –
–
(1) Financial Services include enterprises in Financial Services and Insurance.
(2) Retail includes enterprises in Retail, Consumer Packaged Goods and Logistics.
(3) Communication includes enterprises in Communication, Telecom OEM and Media.
(4) Life Sciences includes enterprises in Life sciences and Healthcare.
(5) Others include operating segments of businesses in India, Japan, China, Infosys Public Services and other enterprises in Public Services.
Significant clients
No client individually accounted for more than 10% of the revenues for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 373
2.27 Function-wise classification of Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars Note Year ended March 31,
2025 2024
Revenue from operations 2.18 1,62,990 1,53,670
Cost of sales 1,13,347 1,07,413
Gross profit 49,643 46,257
Operating expenses
Selling and marketing expenses 7,588 6,973
General and administration expenses 7,631 7,537
Total operating expenses 15,219 14,510
Operating profit 34,424 31,747
Other income, net 2.19 3,600 4,711
Finance cost 416 470
Profit before tax 37,608 35,988
Tax expense:
Current tax 2.17 12,130 8,390
Deferred tax 2.17 (1,272) 1,350
Profit for the period 26,750 26,248
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability / asset, net 2.22 (92) 120
Equity instruments through other comprehensive income, net 2.5 19 19
(73) 139
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Fair value changes on derivatives designated as cash flow hedge, net 2.11 (24) 11
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations, net 357 226
Fair value changes on investments, net 2.5 199 144
532 381
Total other comprehensive income / (loss), net of tax 459 520
Total comprehensive income for the period 27,209 26,768
Profit attributable to:
Owners of the Company 26,713 26,233
Non-controlling interests 37 15
26,750 26,248
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
Owners of the Company 27,167 26,754
Non-controlling interests 42 14
27,209 26,768
for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Infosys Limited
Nandan M. Nilekani Salil Parekh Bobby Parikh
Chairman Chief Executive Officer Director
DIN: 00041245 and Managing Director DIN: 00019437
DIN: 01876159
Bengaluru Jayesh Sanghrajka A.G.S. Manikantha
April 17, 2025 Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Membership No. A21918
374 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
May 30, 2025
Dear Member,
You are cordially invited to attend the 44th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the members of Infosys Limited (“the Company”) to be held
on Wednesday, June 25, 2025 at 4:00 p.m. IST through video conference and other audio-visual means (“VC”).
The Notice of the meeting, containing the business to be transacted, is enclosed herewith. As per Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013
(“the Act”), read with the related rules and Regulation 44 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,
as amended (“the LODR Regulations”), the Company is pleased to provide its members the facility to cast their vote by electronic means
on all resolutions set forth in the Notice.
Very truly yours,
Sd/-
Nandan M. Nilekani
Chairman
Enclosures:
1. Notice of the 44th Annual General Meeting
2. Instructions for participation through VC
3. Instructions for e-voting
Note: Attendees who require technical assistance to access and participate in the meeting through VC are requested to contact either of these helpline numbers:
+91 80 4156 5555 / +91 80 4156 5777
INFOSYS LIMITED
CIN: L85110KA1981PLC013115
Electronics City, Hosur Road
Bengaluru 560 100, India
Tel: +91 80 2852 0261
Fax: +91 80 2852 0362
investors@infosys.com
www.infosys.com
Infosys Limited Notice of the 44th Annual General Meeting | 1
Notice of the 44th Annual General Meeting
Notice is hereby given that the 44th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the members of Infosys Limited (“the Company”) will be held on
Wednesday, June 25, 2025, at 4:00 p.m. IST through video conference / other audio-visual means (“VC”) to transact the following business:
Ordinary business
Item no. 1 – Adoption of financial statements
To consider and adopt the audited financial statements (including the consolidated financial statements) of the Company for the
financial year ended March 31, 2025 and the reports of the Board of Directors (“the Board”) and auditors thereon.
Item no. 2 – Declaration of dividend
To declare a final dividend of ₹22/- per equity share for the financial year ended March 31, 2025.
Item no. 3 – Appointment of Salil Parekh as a director, liable to retire by rotation
To appoint a director in place of Salil Parekh (DIN: 01876159), who retires by rotation and being eligible, seeks reappointment.
Explanation: Based on the terms of appointment, executive directors, non-executive and non-independent chairman are subject to
retirement by rotation. Salil Parekh, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, who was reappointed on June 28, 2023 and will
serve as a Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director up to March 31, 2027 and whose office is liable to retire at the ensuing AGM,
being eligible, seeks reappointment. Based on performance evaluation and recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee, The Board recommends his reappointment.
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an ordinary resolution:
RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 152 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the approval of
members of the Company, be and is hereby accorded to reappoint Salil Parekh (DIN: 01876159) as a director up to March 31, 2027, who is
liable to retire by rotation.
Special business
Item No. 4 – Material related party transactions of Infosys Limited and its subsidiaries with Stater N.V
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an ordinary resolution:
RESOLVED THAT pursuant to and in accordance with: (i) Provisions of Regulation 23(4) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time (“the LODR Regulations”);
(ii) Applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof (“the Act”) and
the rules framed thereunder; (iii) Policy on related party transactions of the Company; and (iv) Approval of the Audit Committee and
recommendation of the Board of Directors, the approval of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Company
and specific subsidiaries of the Company (as listed in the explanatory statement to this resolution) to enter into and / or continue related
party contract(s) / arrangement(s) / transaction(s) (whether by way of an individual transaction or transactions taken together or a series
of transactions or otherwise) with Stater N.V., a majority-owned subsidiary of the Company, which qualifies as a related party transaction
within the meaning of Regulation 2(1)(zc) of the LODR Regulations, in the course of purchase / sale of services, purchase / sale of shared
services, loans, equity infusion and merger on such material terms and conditions as detailed in the explanatory statement to this
resolution and as may be agreed by the Company and specific subsidiary with Stater N.V., such that during the financial year ending on
March 31, 2026, the maximum value of the transactions of the Company and each specific subsidiary of the Company with Stater N.V.
does not exceed the value as specified in the explanatory statement and the aggregate value of all such transactions with Stater N.V.
does not exceed `2,975 crore or 1.83% of the annual consolidated turnover, provided that the said transactions shall be at arm’s length
basis and in the ordinary course of business.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as “the Board”, which term shall be deemed to include
any Committee constituted / empowered / to be constituted by the Board from time to time to exercise its powers conferred by this
Resolution(s) / transaction(s) and / or enter into and / or carry out new contract(s) / arrangement(s) / transaction(s), whether by way
of an individual transaction or transactions taken together as a series of transactions or otherwise) of the Company be and is hereby
authorized to settle any question, difficulty, or doubt, that may arise in giving effect to this resolution and to do all such acts, deeds and
things as may be necessary, expedient and desirable for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution.
2 | Notice of the 44th Annual General Meeting Infosys Limited
Item no. 5 – Material related party transactions of Infosys Limited and its subsidiaries with Stater
Nederland B.V.
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an ordinary resolution:
RESOLVED THAT pursuant to and in accordance with: (i) Provisions of Regulation 23(4) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time (“the LODR Regulations”);
(ii) Applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof (“the Act”) and
the rules framed thereunder; (iii) Policy on Related Party Transactions of the Company; and (iv) Approval of the Audit Committee and
recommendation of the Board of Directors, approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Company and
the specific subsidiaries of the Company (as listed in the explanatory statement to this resolution) to enter into and / or continue related
party contract(s) / arrangement(s) / transaction(s) (whether by way of an individual transaction or transactions taken together or a series
of transactions or otherwise) with Stater Nederland B.V., a majority-owned subsidiary of the Company, which qualifies as a related party
transaction within the meaning of Regulation 2(1)(zc) of the LODR Regulations, in the course of purchase / sale of services, purchase /
sale of shared services and parental guarantee on such material terms and conditions as detailed in the explanatory statement to this
resolution and as may be agreed by the Company and specific subsidiary with Stater Nederland B.V., such that during the financial
year ending on March 31, 2026, the maximum value of the transactions of the Company and each specific subsidiary of the Company
with Stater Nederland B.V. does not exceed the value as specified in the explanatory statement and the aggregate value of all such
transactions of the Company and its subsidiaries with Stater Nederland B.V. does not exceed `2,670 crore or 1.64% of the annual
consolidated turnover, provided that the said transactions shall be at arm’s length basis and in the ordinary course of business.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as “the Board”, which term shall be deemed to include
any Committee constituted / empowered / to be constituted by the Board from time to time to exercise its powers conferred by this
Resolution(s) / transaction(s) and / or enter into and / or carry out new contract(s) / arrangement(s) / transaction(s), whether by way
of an individual transaction or transactions taken together as a series of transactions or otherwise) of the Company be and is hereby
authorized to settle any question, difficulty, or doubt, that may arise in giving effect to this resolution and to do all such acts, deeds and
things as may be necessary, expedient and desirable for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution.
Item no. 6 – Appointment of M/s Makarand M. Joshi & Co., Company Secretaries as Secretarial Auditor of
the Company
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an ordinary resolution:
RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 179 and 204 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read
with the rules made thereunder, and Regulation 24A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as
amended from time to time, and based on the recommendations of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, the approval of the
members be and is hereby accorded for the appointment of M/s Makarand M. Joshi & Co., Company Secretaries (Firm registration
no: P2009MH007000), as Secretarial Auditors of the Company for a term of five consecutive years, commencing from Financial Year 2025-
26 till Financial Year 2029-30 at such remuneration and on such terms and conditions as may be determined by the Board of Directors
(including its committees thereof), and to avail any other services, certificates, or reports as may be permissible under applicable laws.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT The Board of Directors of the Company, (including its committees thereof), be and is hereby authorized
to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be deemed proper, necessary, or expedient, including filing the requisite forms
or submission of documents with any authority or accepting any modifications to the clauses as required by such authorities, for the
purpose of giving effect to this resolution and for matters connected therewith, or incidental thereto.
INFOSYS LIMITED by order of the Board of Directors
CIN: L85110KA1981PLC013115 for Infosys Limited
Electronics City, Hosur Road
Bengaluru 560 100, India
Sd/-
Tel: +91 80 2852 0261 Fax: +91 80 2852 0362
A.G.S. Manikantha
investors@infosys.com
Company Secretary
www.infosys.com
Membership No. ACS 21918
April 17, 2025
Notes
1. Pursuant to the General Circular No. 09/2024 dated September 19, 2024, issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) and
Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated October 3, 2024 issued by SEBI (hereinafter collectively referred to as “the
Circulars”), companies are allowed to hold AGM through VC, without the physical presence of members at a common venue. Hence,
in compliance with the Circulars, the AGM of the Company is being held through VC.
2. A member entitled to attend and vote at the AGM is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend and vote on his / her behalf and the proxy
need not be a member of the Company. Since the AGM is being held through VC, the facility for the appointment of proxies by the
members will not be available.
3. Participation of members through VC will be reckoned for the purpose of quorum for the AGM as per Section 103 of the Act.
Infosys Limited Notice of the 44th Annual General Meeting | 3
4. Corporate members intending to authorize their representatives to participate and vote at the meeting are requested to send a
certified copy of the Board resolution / authorization letter to the Scrutinizer by email to evoting@infosys.com with a copy marked to
evoting@nsdl.com.
5. The register of directors and key managerial personnel (KMP) and their shareholding, maintained under Section 170 of the Act, and
the register of contracts or arrangements in which the directors are interested, maintained under Section 189 of the Act, will be
available electronically for inspection by the members during the AGM. All documents referred to in the Notice will also be available
for electronic inspection without any fee from the date of circulation of this Notice up to the date of AGM, i.e. June 25, 2025. Members
seeking to inspect such documents can send an email to investors@infosys.com.
6. Members whose shareholding is in demat mode are requested to notify any change in address or bank account details to their
respective depository participant(s) (DP). Members whose shareholding is in physical mode are requested to opt for the Electronic
Clearing System (ECS) mode to receive dividend on time in line with the SEBI Circulars from time to time. We urge members to utilize
the ECS for receiving dividends. Please refer to point no. 16 for the process to be followed for updating bank account details.
7. Members may note that the Board, at its meeting held on April 17, 2025, has recommended a final dividend of ₹22 per equity share
for the financial year ended March 31, 2025. The record date for the purpose of final dividend is May 30, 2025. The final dividend, once
approved by the members in the ensuing AGM, will be paid on June 30, 2025, through various modes. To avoid delay in receiving
dividend, members are requested to update their KYC with their depositories (where shares are held in dematerialized mode) and
with the Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agent (RTA) (where shares are held in physical mode) to receive the dividend directly into
their bank account on the payout date.
8. Members may note that the Income-tax Act, 1961, (“the IT Act”) as amended by the Finance Act, 2020, mandates that dividend paid or
distributed by a company on or after April 1, 2020 shall be taxable in the hands of members. The Company shall therefore be required
to deduct tax at source (TDS) at the time of making the payment of final dividend. To enable us to determine the appropriate TDS
rate as applicable, members are requested to submit relevant documents, as specified in the below paragraphs, in accordance with
the provisions of the IT Act.
For resident shareholders, taxes shall be deducted at source under Section 194 of the IT Act as follows:
Members having valid Permanent Account Number (PAN) 10%* or as notified by the Government of India (GOI)
Members not having PAN / valid PAN 20% or as notified by the GOI
* As per Section 139AA of the IT Act, every person who has been allotted a PAN and who is eligible to obtain Aadhaar, shall be required to link the PAN with
Aadhaar. In case of failure to comply with this, the PAN allotted shall be deemed to be invalid / inoperative and he shall be liable to all consequences under
the IT Act and tax shall be deducted at the higher rates as provided in section 206AA of the IT Act, 1961 i.e., 20% of tax deduction at source.
However, no tax shall be deducted on the dividend payable to resident individual shareholders if the total dividend to be received by
them during financial year 2025-2026 does not exceed ₹10,000 and also in cases where members provide Form 15G / Form 15H (Form
15H is applicable to resident individual shareholders aged 60 years or more), subject to conditions specified in the IT Act. Resident
shareholders may also submit any other document as prescribed under the IT Act to claim a lower / nil withholding of tax. PAN is
mandatory for members providing Form 15G / 15H or any other document as mentioned above.
For non-resident shareholders, taxes are required to be withheld in accordance with the provisions of Section 195 and other
applicable sections of the IT Act, at the rates in force. The withholding tax shall be at the rate of 20% (plus applicable surcharge
and cess) or as notified by the GOI on the amount of dividend payable. However, as per Section 90 of the IT Act, non-resident
shareholders have the option to be governed by the provisions of the Double Tax Avoidance Agreement (DTAA), read with
Multilateral Instrument (MLI), between India and the country of tax residence of the shareholders, if they are more beneficial to them.
For this purpose, i.e. to avail the benefits under the DTAA read with MLI, non-resident shareholders will have to provide the following:
• Copy of the PAN card allotted by the Indian income tax authorities duly attested by the shareholders or details as prescribed
under rule 37BC of the Income-tax Rules, 1962
• Copy of the Tax Residency Certificate for financial year 2025-26 obtained from the revenue or tax authorities of the country of tax
residence, duly attested by shareholders / authorized signatory
• Electronic Form 10F as per notification no. 03/2022 dated July 16, 2022 issued by the Central Board of Direct Tax [Notification can
be read under notification-no-3-2022-systems.pdf (incometaxindia.gov.in)]. Form 10F can be obtained electronically through the
e-filing portal of the income tax website at https://www.incometax.gov.in/iec/foportal.
• Self-declaration by the shareholders of having no permanent establishment in India in accordance with the applicable tax treaty
• Self-declaration of beneficial ownership by the non-resident shareholder
• Any other documents as prescribed under the IT Act for lower withholding of taxes, if applicable, duly attested by the
shareholders
In case of Foreign Institutional Investors (FII) / Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPI), tax will be deducted under Section 196D of the IT
Act at the rate of 20% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) or the rate provided in relevant DTAA, read with MLI, whichever is more
beneficial, subject to the submission of the above documents, if applicable.
The aforementioned documents are required to be uploaded on the shareholder portal at https://www.infosys.com/investors/
shareholder-services/dividend-tax.html on or before June 6, 2025. Members are requested to visit https://www.infosys.com/
4 | Notice of the 44th Annual General Meeting Infosys Limited
investors/shareholder-services/dividend-tax.html for more instructions and information on this subject. No communication would be
accepted from members after June 6, 2025, regarding tax-withholding matters. Shareholders may write to dividend.tax@infosys.com
for any clarifications on this subject.
Shareholders can check their tax credit in Form 26AS from the e-filing account at https://www.incometax.gov.in/iec/foportal or “View
Your Tax Credit” on https://www.tdscpc.gov.in.
9. Members are requested to address all correspondence, including dividend-related matters, to RTA, KFin Technologies Limited, Unit:
Infosys Limited, Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad-500 032 and
e-mail at einward.ris@kfintech.com.
10. Members wishing to claim dividends that remain unclaimed are requested to correspond with the RTA as mentioned above, or
with the Company Secretary, at the Company’s registered office or at investors@infosys.com. Members are requested to note that
dividends that are not claimed within seven years from the date of transfer to the Company’s Unpaid Dividend Account, will be
transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF). Shares on which dividend remains unclaimed for seven consecutive
years shall be transferred to the IEPF as per Section 124 of the Act, read with applicable IEPF rules.
11. In compliance with Section 108 of the Act, read with the corresponding rules, Regulation 44 of the LODR Regulations and in terms
of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/ CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020, the Company has provided a facility to its members
to exercise their votes electronically through the electronic voting (e-voting) facility provided by the National Securities Depository
Limited (NSDL). Members who have cast their votes by remote e-voting prior to the AGM may participate in the AGM but shall not be
entitled to cast their votes again. The manner of voting remotely by members holding shares in dematerialized mode, physical mode
and for members who have not registered their email addresses is provided in the ‘Instructions for e-voting’ section which forms
part of this Notice. The Board has appointed Hemanth, Holla & Co., (Membership No. FCS 6374) (CP No. 6519) Practicing Company
Secretaries, as the scrutinizer (“Scrutinizer”) for conducting the e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner.
12. Members holding shares either in physical or dematerialized mode, as on cut-off date, i.e. June 18, 2025, may cast their votes
electronically. The e-voting period commences on Friday, June 20, 2025 (9:00 a.m. IST) and ends on Tuesday, June 24, 2025 (5:00 p.m.
IST). The e-voting module will be disabled by NSDL thereafter. Members will not be allowed to vote again on any resolution on which
vote has already been cast. The voting rights of members shall be proportionate to their share of the paid-up equity share capital of
the Company as on the cut-off date, i.e. June 18, 2025. A person who is not a member as on the cut-off date is requested to treat this
Notice for information purposes only.
13. The facility for voting during the AGM will also be made available. Members present in the AGM through VC and who have not cast
their vote on the resolutions through remote e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through
the e-voting system during the AGM.
14. Any person holding shares in physical mode or a person, who acquires shares and becomes a member of the Company after the
Notice is sent and holding shares as on the cut-off date, i.e. June 18, 2025, may obtain the login ID and password by sending a request
to evoting@nsdl.com. However, if he / she is already registered with NSDL for remote e-voting, then he / she can use his / her existing
user ID and password for casting the vote.
15. In compliance with the Circulars, the Integrated Annual Report for 2024-25, the Notice of the 44th AGM, and instructions for e-voting
are being sent through electronic mode to those members whose email addresses are registered with the Company / depository
participant(s) (DP). A letter providing the web-link for accessing the Integrated Annual report, including the exact path, will be sent to
those members who have not registered their email address with the Company.
16. We urge members to support our commitment to environmental protection by choosing to receive the Company’s communication
through email. Members holding shares in demat mode, who have not registered their email addresses, are requested to register
their email addresses with their respective DP, and members holding shares in physical mode are requested to update their email
addresses with the Company’s RTA, KFin Technologies Limited at einward.ris@kfintech.com, to receive copies of the Integrated
Annual Report 2024-25 in electronic mode. Members may follow the process detailed below for registration of email ID to obtain the
report and update bank account details for the receipt of dividend.
Infosys Limited Notice of the 44th Annual General Meeting | 5
Type of holder Process to be followed
Physical For availing the following investor services, send a written request in the prescribed forms to the RTA of the Company,
KFin Technologies Limited either by email to einward.ris@kfintech.com or by post to
KFin Technologies Limited, Unit: Infosys Limited, Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32, Financial District, Nanakramguda,
Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad-500 032
Form for availing investor services to register PAN, email address, bank details and other KYC details or Form ISR-1
changes / update thereof for securities held in physical mode
Update of signature of securities holder Form ISR-2
For nomination as provided in Rule 19(1) of the Companies (Share Capital and Form SH-13
Debentures) Rules, 2014
Declaration to opt out Form ISR-3
Cancellation of nomination by the holder(s) (along with ISR-3) / Change of nominee Form SH-14
Form for requesting issue of duplicate certificate and other service requests for shares / debentures / Form ISR-4
bonds, etc., held in physical mode
Demat Please contact your DP and register your email address and bank account details in your demat account,
as per the process advised by your DP.
17. Members may also note that the Notice of the 44th AGM and the Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 will also be available on the
Company’s website at, https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings.html, websites of the stock exchanges, i.e. BSE and NSE, at
www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com, respectively, and on the website of NSDL, https://www.evoting.nsdl.com.
18. An Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Act in respect of the business under item nos. 4 to 6 set out above and
additional information, pursuant to Regulation 36 of the LODR Regulations, in respect of the directors seeking appointment /
reappointment at the AGM, forms part of this Notice.
19. Effective April 1, 2024, SEBI has mandated that the shareholders, who hold shares in physical mode and whose folios are not updated
with any of the KYC details [viz., (i) PAN (ii) Choice of Nomination (iii) Contact Details (iv) Mobile Number (v) Bank Account Details and
(vi) Signature], shall be eligible to get dividend only in electronic mode. Accordingly, payment of final dividend, subject to approval
at the AGM, shall be paid to physical holders only after the above details are updated in their folios. Shareholders are requested to
complete their KYC by writing to the Company’s RTA, KFin Technologies Limited, at einward.ris@kfintech.com. The forms for updating
the same are available at https://www.infosys.com/investors/shareholder-services/investors-service.html.
20. As per Section 72 of the Act, members holding shares in physical mode may submit their nomination by submitting SH-13 which
can be downloaded from the Company’s website at https://www.infosys.com/investors/shareholder-services/documents/investors-
service/form-sh13.pdf. Members holding shares in demat mode may contact their respective DPs to update the nomination.
21. The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman of the Company (“the Chairman”) or to any other person authorized by
the Chairman after the completion of the scrutiny of the e-voting (votes cast during the AGM and votes cast through remote
e-voting), not later than 48 hours from the conclusion of the AGM. The result declared along with the Scrutinizer’s report shall be
communicated to the stock exchanges, NSDL and RTA, and will also be displayed on the Company’s website, www.infosys.com.
22. Since the AGM will be held through VC in accordance with the Circulars, the route map, proxy form and attendance slip are not
attached to this Notice.
INFOSYS LIMITED by order of the Board of Directors
CIN: L85110KA1981PLC013115 for Infosys Limited
Electronics City, Hosur Road
Bengaluru 560 100, India
Sd/-
Tel: +91 80 2852 0261 Fax: +91 80 2852 0362
A.G.S. Manikantha
investors@infosys.com
Company Secretary
www.infosys.com
Membership No. ACS 21918
April 17, 2025
6 | Notice of the 44th Annual General Meeting Infosys Limited
Explanatory Statement
Background and context for item nos. 4 and 5
Applicable law
In terms of Regulation 23 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to
time (“the LODR Regulations”), any transactions with a related party shall be considered material, if the transaction(s) entered into / to
be entered into individually or taken together with the previous transactions during a financial year, exceed the lower of `1,000 crore or
10% of annual consolidated turnover of the Company as per the last audited financial statements of the Company, and shall require prior
approval of shareholders by means of an ordinary resolution.
The said limits are applicable, even if the transactions are in the ordinary course of business of the concerned Company and at
an arm’s length basis.
The Company has assessed the related party transactions in accordance with Regulation 2(1)(zc) of the LODR Regulations and
accordingly, seeks approval of the shareholders for these transactions set out in Annexure 1 and Annexure 2.
Background of the transactions for which approval of the Members of the Company is being sought
In May 2019, the Company (through its subsidiary Infosys Singapore Pte Ltd) had acquired a majority stake (75%) in Stater N.V. (which was
a wholly-owned subsidiary of ABN AMRO Bank N.V.) with a view to augment the administrative mortgage services business and related
activities. The remaining minority stake (25%) in Stater N.V. is held by ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
In the course of their business, during the financial year ending March 31, 2026, the Company and specific subsidiaries of the Company as
mentioned below will enter into or continue to enter into transactions / contract(s) / agreement(s) / arrangement(s) with Stater N.V. and /
or Stater Nederland B.V.
• Infosys BPM Limited;
• Infosys Singapore Pte Ltd;
• Stater Belgium N.V. / S.A.;
• Stater Gmbh;
• Stater XXL B.V.;
• Hypocasso B.V. and
• Infosys Poland S.p z.o.o
All related party transactions of the Company and its subsidiaries are at arm’s length and in the ordinary course of business. It is in the
above context that item nos. 4 and 5 are placed for the approval of the Members of the Company. The Company had obtained similar
approval for the financial year ended March 31, 2025, through the postal ballot dated October 17, 2024, and the same was approved by
the members. Background details of the parties and the proposed transactions, and its benefits, are as follows:
Item no. 4 – Material related party transactions of Infosys Limited and its subsidiaries with Stater N.V.
Stater N.V., a foreign majority-owned (step-down) subsidiary of the Company based in the Netherlands, is in the business of providing
mortgage services to its customers. As part of enhancing operational efficiency, collaboration, leveraging the expertise, complementary
strengths and facilities available within the Infosys Group (“the Group”), during the financial year ending on March 31, 2026, the Company
and specific subsidiaries of the Company will have transactions with Stater N.V.
In the course of their business, during the financial year ending March 31, 2026, the Company and specific subsidiaries of the Company, as
mentioned below, will enter into or continue to enter into transaction(s) / contract(s) / agreement(s) / arrangement(s) with Stater N.V.
• Infosys BPM Limited;
• Infosys Poland S.p z.o.o;
• Stater Nederland B.V.;
• Stater Belgium N.V. / S.A.;
• Stater Gmbh;
• Stater XXL B.V. and
• Hypocasso B.V.
Since the estimated aggregate value (`2,975 crore or 1.83% of annual consolidated turnover) of all transactions of the Company and
specific subsidiaries of the Company with Stater N.V. for the financial year ending March 31, 2026 is expected to exceed the materiality
Infosys Limited Notice of the 44th Annual General Meeting | 7
threshold of `1,000 crore, such transactions will qualify as material related party transactions in terms of Regulation 23 of the LODR
Regulations, and an approval of the shareholders (by way of an ordinary resolution) is sought for the transactions.
The Audit Committee has been provided with the relevant details, as required under law, of the aforementioned transactions with Stater
N.V., including material terms. The Audit Committee, after reviewing all necessary information, has granted approval for entering into the
transactions with Stater N.V. during the financial year ending March 31, 2026. The Audit Committee has noted that the said transactions
will be at arm’s length basis and in the ordinary course of business.
Accordingly, based on the review and approval of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors recommends the resolution contained in
item no. 4 of the accompanying Notice to the shareholders for approval.
Information pursuant to SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021 is provided as
follows:
Transactions with Stater N.V.
Particulars Details
Summary of information provided by the management to the Audit Committee
Name of related party and its relationship with listed entity or its Stater N.V. is a majority-owned step-down subsidiary of the Company.
subsidiary, including nature of its concern or interest (financial or For details regarding the names and the nature of the relationship
otherwise) between the Company and each of its subsidiaries that have engaged
in transactions with Stater N.V., refer to Annexure 1.
Summary of information provided by the management to the Audit Refer to Annexure 1.
Committee regarding the type of transaction
Tenure of the transaction The related party transactions with Stater N.V. are continuing business
transactions, and approval of the shareholders is being sought for
transactions for financial year 2025-26.
Value of the transaction and the percentage of the listed entity’s Refer to Annexure 1.
annual consolidated turnover for the immediately preceding financial
year that is represented by the value of the proposed transaction
If the transaction relates to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, Refer to Annexure 1.
advances or investments made or given by the listed entity or its
subsidiary, Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured, if secured,
the nature of security
Justification as to why the related party transaction is in the These transactions are undertaken in furtherance of the
interest of the listed entity ordinary course of business of the Company, specific
subsidiaries and Stater N.V.
The expertise, complementary strengths and competencies and
facilities available within the Group are leveraged for enhancing
operating efficiency through these transactions.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the LODR Regulations, the related parties as defined thereunder (whether such
related party is a party to the aforesaid transactions or not), shall not vote to approve resolutions under item no. 4.
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives is concerned or interested in the resolution
mentioned in item no. 4 of the Notice.
The Board recommends the resolution set forth in item no. 4 for the approval of the Members.
Item no. 5 – Material related party transactions of Infosys Limited and its subsidiaries with Stater
Nederland B.V.
Stater Nederland B.V. (“Stater Nederland”), a subsidiary of Stater N.V., a foreign majority-owned (step-down) subsidiary of the Company,
based in the Netherlands, is in the business of providing mortgage and loan management services. As part of enhancing operational
efficiency, collaboration, leveraging the expertise, complementary strengths and facilities available within the Group, during the
financial year ending on March 31, 2026, the Company and certain specific subsidiaries of the Company will have transactions
with Stater Nederland.
8 | Notice of the 44th Annual General Meeting Infosys Limited
In the course of their business, during the financial year ending March 31, 2026, the Company and the following subsidiaries of the
Company will enter into or continue to enter into transaction(s) / contract(s) / agreement(s) / arrangement(s) with Stater Nederland B. V:
• Infosys Singapore Pte Ltd
• Stater N.V.;
• Stater Belgium N.V. / S.A.;
• Stater Gmbh;
• Stater XXL B.V. and
• Hypocasso B.V.
Since the estimated aggregate value (`2,670 crore or 1.64% of annual consolidated turnover) of all transactions of the Company and
specific subsidiaries with Stater Nederland B.V. in the financial year ending March 31, 2026 is expected to exceed the materiality threshold
` 1,000 crore, such transactions will qualify as material related party transactions in terms of Regulation 23 of the LODR Regulations, and
an approval of the shareholders (by way of an ordinary resolution) is sought for the transactions.
The Audit Committee has been provided with the relevant details, as required under law, of the aforementioned transactions with
Stater Nederland B.V, including material terms. The Audit Committee after reviewing all necessary information, has granted approval for
entering into the transactions with Stater Nederland B.V. during the financial year ending March 31, 2026. The Audit Committee has noted
that the said transactions will be at an arm’s length basis and in the ordinary course of business.
Accordingly, based on the review and approval of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors recommends the resolution contained in
item no. 5 of the accompanying Notice to the shareholders for approval.
Information pursuant to SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021 is provided as
follows:
Transactions with Stater Nederland B.V.
Particulars Details
Summary of information provided by the management to the Audit Committee
Name of related party and its relationship with listed entity or its Stater Nederland B.V. (“Stater Nederland”), a subsidiary of Stater N.V.,
subsidiary, including nature of its concern or interest (financial or a foreign majority-owned (step-down) subsidiary of the Company,
otherwise) Stater Nederland is a majority-owned step-down subsidiary of the
Company. For details regarding the names and the nature of the
relationship between the Company and each of its subsidiaries that
have engaged in transactions with Stater Nederland, refer to
Annexure 2.
Summary of information provided by the management to the Audit Refer to Annexure 2.
Committee regarding the type of transaction
Tenure of the transaction The related party transactions with Stater Nederland are continuing
business transactions, and approval of the shareholders is being
sought for transactions for financial year 2025-26.
Value of the transaction and the percentage of the listed entity’s Refer to Annexure 2.
annual consolidated turnover for the immediately preceding financial
year that is represented by the value of the proposed transaction
If the transaction relates to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, Refer to Annexure 2.
advances or investments or guarantee made or given by the listed
entity or its subsidiary, Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure,
interest rate and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured,
if secured, the nature of security
Justification as to why the related party transaction is in the interest of These transactions are undertaken in furtherance of the ordinary
the listed entity course of business of the Company, specific subsidiaries and Stater
Nederland B.V.
The expertise, complementary strengths and competencies and
facilities available within the Group are leveraged for enhancing
operating efficiency through these transactions.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the LODR Regulations, the related parties as defined thereunder (whether such
related party is a party to the aforesaid transactions or not), shall not vote to approve resolutions under item no. 5.
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their respective relatives is concerned or interested in the
resolution mentioned at item no. 5 of the Notice.
The Board recommends the resolution set forth at item no. 5 for the approval of the Members.
Infosys Limited Notice of the 44th Annual General Meeting | 9
Item no. 6 – Appointment of M/s Makarand M. Joshi & Co., Company Secretaries as secretarial auditors of
the Company
M/s. Makarand M. Joshi & Co., a leading firm of practicing Company Secretaries (hereinafter referred to as MMJC) with over 25 years
of experience in delivering comprehensive professional services across Corporate Laws, SEBI Regulations and FEMA Regulations.
Their expertise includes conducting Secretarial Audits, Due Diligence Audits, Compliance Audits etc. MMJC were appointed as
secretarial auditors of the Company for conducting secretarial audit for the financial year 2022-23, 2023-24 and 2024-25 and the
same is not considered as a term of Appointment of Secretarial Auditor as per Regulation 24A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (hereinafter referred to as “LODR Regulations”). In terms of Regulation 24A of LODR
Regulations read with SEBI notification dated December 12, 2024, and other applicable provisions, the Company can appoint a peer-
reviewed firm as secretarial auditors for not more than two (2) terms of five (5) consecutive years. MMJC is eligible for appointment
for a period of five years and on the basis of recommendations of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors, at its meeting
held on April 17, 2025, approved the appointment of MMJC as secretarial auditors of the Company to hold office for a term of five
consecutive years commencing from Financial Year 2025-26 till Financial Year 2029-30. The appointment is subject to approval of the
shareholders of the Company.
MMJC has given their consent to act as secretarial auditors of the company and confirmed that their aforesaid appointment (if approved)
would be within the limits specified by Institute of Company Secretaries of India. Furthermore, in terms of the amended regulations,
MMJC has provided a confirmation that they have subjected themselves to the peer review process of the Institute of Company
Secretaries of India and hold a valid peer review certificate.
The proposed remuneration to be paid to MMJC for secretarial audit services for the financial year ending March 31, 2026, is `10 lakhs
(Rupees ten lakhs) plus applicable taxes and out-of-pocket expenses. Besides the secretarial audit services, the Company may also obtain
certifications from MMJC under various statutory regulations and certifications required by banks, statutory authorities, audit related
services and other permissible non-secretarial audit services as required from time to time, for which they will be remunerated separately
on mutually agreed terms, as approved by the Board of Directors in consultation with the Audit Committee. The above fee excludes the
proposed remuneration to be paid for the purpose of secretarial audit of subsidiaries, if any.
The Board of Directors and the Audit Committee shall approve revisions to the remuneration of MMJC for the remaining part of the tenure.
The Board of Directors, in consultation with the Audit Committee, may alter and vary the terms and conditions of appointment, including
remuneration, in such manner and to such extent as may be mutually agreed with MMJC.
Based on the recommendations of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors have approved and recommended the aforesaid
proposal for approval of members taking into account the eligibility of the firm’s qualification, experience, independent assessment &
expertise of the partners in providing secretarial audit related services, competency of the staff and Company’s previous experience
based on the evaluation of the quality of audit work done by them in the past.
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their respective relatives are concerned or interested,
financially or otherwise, in passing the proposed Resolution.
The Board recommends the resolution set forth in item no. 6 for the approval of members.
10 | Notice of the 44th Annual General Meeting Infosys Limited
Infosys
Limited
Notice
of
the
Annual
General
Meeting
|
th
Annexure 1: Transactions with Stater N.V.
S. Particulars / Name HypoCasso B.V. Stater Belgium Stater Gmbh Stater XXL B.V. Stater Infosys Poland Infosys BPM Infosys Limited
no. of listed entity or N.V./S.A. Nederland B.V sp Z o o Limited
subsidiary
1 Nature of Relationship Wholly-owned Wholly-owned Wholly-owned Wholly-owned Wholly-owned Fellow subsidiary Fellow subsidiary Ultimate parent
of Listed entity or its subsidiary subsidiary subsidiary subsidiary subsidiary company
subsidiary with the
related party (Stater
N.V.)
2 Summary of i) Purchase of i) Purchase of i) Purchase of i) Purchase of i) Purchase of i) Loan given i) Purchase i) Sale of
information services services services services services of shared services
provided by the ii) Purchase of ii) Purchase of ii) Purchase of ii) Purchase of ii) Purchase services
management to the shared services shared services shared services shared services of shared
Audit Committee iii) Sale of shared iii) Loan given iii) Sale of services iii) Sale of services services
regarding the type of services iv) Sale of shared iv) Sale of shared iii) Sale of
transaction(1) services services services
v) Equity infusion v) Merger within iv) Sale of shared
vi) Loan taken Stater group services
vi) Equity infusion
3 Value of the transaction and the percentage of the listed entity’s annual consolidated turnover for the immediately preceding financial year that is represented by the value of the
proposed transaction(2)
in % in % in % in % in % in % in % in %
` crore ` crore ` crore ` crore ` crore ` crore ` crore ` crore
i) Purchase of
services 20 0.01 5 0.00 25 0.02 10 0.01 1,300 0.80 – – – – – –
ii) Purchase of shared
services 150 0.09 5 0.00 20 0.01 10 0.01 600 0.37 – – 10 0.01 – –
iii) Sale of services – – – – 100 0.06 50 0.03 50 0.03 – – – – 10 0.01
iv) Sale of shared
services 10 0.01 – – 100 0.06 50 0.03 20 0.01 – – – – – –
v) Merger within the
Stater group(3) – – – – – – 5 0.00 – – – – – – – –
vi) Equity infusion
within the Stater
group(4) – – – – 100 0.06 10 0.01 – – – – – – – –
vii) Loan for financial
year 2025-26 – – 40 0.02 75 0.05 – – – – 200 0.12 – – – –
|
Notice
of
the
Annual
General
Meeting
Infosys
Limited
th
S. Particulars / Name HypoCasso B.V. Stater Belgium Stater Gmbh Stater XXL B.V. Stater Infosys Poland Infosys BPM Infosys Limited
no. of listed entity or N.V./S.A. Nederland B.V sp Z o o Limited
subsidiary
Nature, tenure, Unsecured loan Unsecured loan Unsecured loan
repayment terms and for the purpose for the purpose for the purpose
purpose of loan of meeting of meeting of meeting
working capital working capital working capital
requirements for a requirements for a requirements for
term of 5 years. term of 5 years. a term of 5 years.
Interest Interest based on Interest based on Interest based
12 months Euro 12 months Euro on 12 months
Interbank Offered Interbank Offered Euro Interbank
Rate (EURIBOR) Rate (EURIBOR) Offered Rate
+ appropriate + appropriate (EURIBOR) +
spread, or 0.25% spread, or 0.25% appropriate
per annum, per annum, spread, or 0.25%
whichever is whichever is per annum,
higher. higher. whichever is
higher.
Source of funds and Internal accruals. Internal accruals. Internal accruals.
whether any financial No financial No financial No financial
indebtedness is indebtedness is indebtedness is indebtedness is
incurred to make or incurred incurred incurred
give loans
Infosys
Limited
Notice
of
the
Annual
General
Meeting
|
th
S. Particulars / Name HypoCasso B.V. Stater Belgium Stater Gmbh Stater XXL B.V. Stater Infosys Poland Infosys BPM Infosys Limited
no. of listed entity or N.V./S.A. Nederland B.V sp Z o o Limited
subsidiary
4 Percentage of the subsidiary’s annual standalone turnover that is represented by the total value of the proposed RPT(5)(6)
in % in % in % in % in % in % in % in %
` crore ` crore ` crore ` crore ` crore ` crore ` crore ` crore
i) Purchase of
services 20 9.14 5 2.28 25 11.42 10 4.57 1,300 594.06 – – – – – –
ii) Purchase of shared
services 150 68.55 5 2.28 20 9.14 10 4.57 600 274.18 – – 10 4.57 – –
iii) Sale of services – – – – 100 45.70 50 22.85 50 22.85 – – – – 10 4.57
iv) Sale of shared
services 10 4.57 – – 100 45.70 50 22.85 20 9.14 – – – – – –
v) Merger within the
Stater group(3) – – – – – – 5 2.28 – – – – – – – –
vi) Equity infusion
within the Stater
group(4) – – – – 100 45.70 10 4.57 – – – – – – – –
vii) Loan for financial
year 2025-26 – – 40 18.28 75 34.21 – – – – 200 91.39 – – – –
Notes
(1) In order to leverage efficiencies of scale and optimize the resources available in the group, resources are shared within the group. Accordingly, purchase, sale of services and shared services majorly includes transfer
of manpower, sharing of business enabling services like Finance & Accounting, Legal Support, Purchase & Facility Management, Human Resource Management Services, Risk Management, Information Security,
Management Support, software license and other administrative services.
(2) Transactions between the Stater entities in the Netherlands (HypoCasso B.V.; Stater XXL B.V.; Stater Nederland and Stater N.V.) are generally on a cost basis as all these entities are under a tax group and file a single
tax return. The transactions between other subsidiaries are either on a cost-sharing or cost-plus-markup basis depending on the respective local regulations on transfer pricing. All transactions are at arm’s length
basis.
(3) As a part of an ongoing program of entity rationalization, the Company may from time to time propose merger / demerger of entities within the Group. These mergers are generally based on the local regulatory
requirements and are accounted for as transactions under common control under the relevant accounting standards.
(4) Equity infusion by Stater N.V. is to strengthen subsidiary operational capabilities.
(5) Key financial information of each of the subsidiaries is available in annexure 1 to the boards report forming part of this annual report
(6) Percentage is calculated based on the standalone turnover of Stater N.V.
|
Notice
of
the
Annual
General
Meeting
Infosys
Limited
th
Annexure 2: Transactions with Stater Nederland B.V.
S. no Particulars / Name of listed HypoCasso B.V. Stater Belgium Stater Gmbh Stater N.V. Stater XXL B.V. Infosys Singapore Infosys Limited
entity or subsidiary N.V./S.A. Pte. Ltd
1 Nature of Relationship of Listed Fellow subsidiary Fellow subsidiary Fellow subsidiary Immediate parent Wholly-owned Parent company of Ultimate parent
entity or its subsidiary with the company subsidiary Stater N.V. company
related party (Stater Nederland
B.V.)
2 Summary of information i) Purchase of i) Purchase of i) Purchase of i) Purchase of i) Purchase of i) Parental i) Purchase of
provided by the management services services services services services guarantee services
to the Audit Committee ii) Purchase of ii) Purchase of ii) Purchase of ii) Purchase of given. ii) Purchase of
regarding the type of shared services shared services shared services shared services Guarantee is shared services
transaction(1) iii) Sale of services iii) Sale of services iii) Sale of services iii) Sale of services provided to iii) Sale of services
iv) Sale of shared iv) Sale of shared iv) Sale of shared iv) Sale of shared customer in the iv) Sale of shared
services services services services ordinary course services
of business in
line with the
contract with
the customer.
3 Value of the transaction and the percentage of the listed entity’s annual consolidated turnover for the immediately preceding financial year that is represented by the value of the
proposed transaction(2)
in % in % in % in % in % in % in %
` crore ` crore ` crore ` crore ` crore ` crore ` crore
i) Purchase of services 25 0.02 10 0.01 30 0.02 50 0.03 50 0.03 – – 10 0.01
ii) Purchase of shared services 15 0.01 – – 20 0.01 20 0.01 10 0.01 – – 10 0.01
iii) Sale of services 50 0.03 – – 105 0.06 1,300 0.80 10 0.01 – – 100 0.06
iv) Sale of shared services 15 0.01 – – 100 0.06 600 0.37 10 0.01 – – 10 0.01
v) Parental guarantee
(including guarantee fee)(3) – – – – – – – – – – 120 0.07 – –
Infosys
Limited
Notice
of
the
Annual
General
Meeting
|
th
S. no Particulars / Name of listed HypoCasso B.V. Stater Belgium Stater Gmbh Stater N.V. Stater XXL B.V. Infosys Singapore Infosys Limited
entity or subsidiary N.V./S.A. Pte. Ltd
4 Percentage of the subsidiary’s annual standalone turnover that is represented by the total value of the proposed RPT(4)(5)
in % in % in % in % in % in % in %
` crore ` crore ` crore ` crore ` crore ` crore ` crore
i) Purchase of services 25 1.97 10 0.79 30 2.37 50 3.95 50 3.95 – – 10 0.79
ii) Purchase of shared services 15 1.18 – – 20 1.58 20 1.58 10 0.79 – – 10 0.79
iii) Sale of services 50 3.95 – – 105 8.29 1,300 102.64 10 0.79 – – 100 7.90
iv) Sale of shared services 15 1.18 – – 100 7.90 600 47.37 10 0.79 – – 10 0.79
v) Parental guarantee
(including guarantee fee)(3) – – – – – – – – – – 120 9.47 – –
Notes
(1) In order to leverage efficiencies of scale and optimize the resources available in the group, resources are shared within the group. Accordingly, purchase, sale of services and shared services majorly includes transfer
of manpower, sharing of business enabling services like Finance & Accounting, Legal Support, Purchase & Facility Management, Human Resource Management, Risk Management, Information Security, Management
Support, software license and other administrative services.
(2) Transactions between the Stater entities in the Netherlands (HypoCasso B.V. ; Stater XXL B.V.; Stater Nederland B.V. and Stater N.V.) are generally on a cost basis as all these entities are under a tax group and file a
single tax return. The transactions between other subsidiaries are either on a cost-sharing or cost-plus-markup basis depending on the respective local regulations on transfer pricing. All transactions are at arm’s
length basis.
(3) The Parental guarantee will be provided by Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd on behalf of Stater Nederland B.V. to the customer in the ordinary course of business. The parental guarantee shall align with the tenure of
the contract with the customer, i.e., 10 years with an option for customer to extend for 3 consecutive periods of 12 months. While the liability of Stater Nederland B.V. in connection with any performance-related
obligations under the contract is limited to Euro 10 million per year, the said limitation does not apply to certain liabilities in line with the general contracting practice, like fraud, willful misconduct, gross negligence
of Stater [or its directors, officers, employees or (sub)contractors] or for personal injury or death or for any indemnities against third-party claim for infringement of Intellectual property including any open source
integrated with Infosys solution or for any reasonable legal costs in defending such claim or for any claim by Dutch Tax and Customs Administration or any other tax authority relating to the work carried out by
Stater Employees for Customer or for any damage resulting from non-compliance with the Labour Market Fraud (Bogus Schemes) Act or for any claim by the subcontractor against the customer in connection with
the agreement.
(4) Key financial information of each of the subsidiaries is available in annexure 1 to the boards report forming part of this annual report
(5) Percentage is calculated based on the standalone turnover of Stater Nederland B.V.
Additional information on directors recommended for appointment / reappointment as required under
Regulation 36 of the LODR Regulations and applicable secretarial standards
Salil Parekh
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
Salil Parekh, as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, Disclosure of inter-se relationships between
sets and evolves the strategic direction for the company and its directors and KMP: None
portfolio of offerings, while nurturing a strong leadership team
Listed entities (other than the Infosys Group) in which Salil holds
to drive its execution. Salil has helped transform Infosys into a
directorship and committee membership: Nil
leading digital, cloud, and AI company.
Listed entities from which Salil has resigned in the
Salil has over three decades of global experience in the IT
past three years: Nil
services industry with a strong track record of driving digital
transformation for enterprises, executing business turnarounds Shareholding in the Company as on April 17, 2025:
and managing successful acquisitions.
Name Category No. of equity shares
Salil topped the IT services ranking in Brand Finance’s Brand
held
Guardianship Index (BGI) 2024 for the role of CEO as brand
Salil Parekh CEO & MD 11,85,548
custodian and steward of long-term shareholder value. Over the
years Salil has won several CEO leadership awards. Remuneration proposed to be paid: As per the resolution
approved in item no. 6 of the 41st Annual General Meeting Notice
Earlier, Salil was a member of the Group Executive
read with explanatory statement thereto-https://www.infosys.
Board at Capgemini, where he held several leadership
com/investors/reports-filings/documents/agm-notice2022.pdf.
positions for 25 years.
Key terms and conditions of appointment: As per the resolution
He was responsible for overseeing a business cluster comprising
approved in item no. 6 of the 41st Annual General Meeting Notice
Application Services (North America, UK, Asia), Cloud
read with explanatory statement thereto-https://www.infosys.
Infrastructure Services, and Sogeti. He was responsible for the
com/investors/reports-filings/documents/agm-notice2022.pdf.
strategy and execution of these businesses – setting direction
and enabling rapid client adoption. Date of first appointment to the Board, last drawn remuneration
and number of Board meetings attended: Salil was first
He was also the Chairman of Capgemini’s North America
appointed to the Board on January 2, 2018, as CEO & MD, and
Executive Council. He was the architect of the North America
reappointed on July 1, 2022, as CEO & MD. The details pertaining
growth and turnaround strategy and was instrumental in setting
to his appointment, remuneration, and number of meetings
up their offshoring capabilities.
attended are provided in the Corporate governance report section
Salil was also Partner at Ernst & Young and widely credited of the Integrated Annual Report 2024-25.
for bringing scale and value to the Indian operations of
the consultancy firm.
He holds Master of Engineering degrees in Computer Science
and Mechanical Engineering from Cornell University, and a
Bachelor of Technology degree in Aeronautical Engineering from
the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay.
Age: 60 years
Nature of expertise in specific functional areas: Information
Technology, Leadership, Strategy, Board service & governance,
Financial, Diversity, Global business, Sales & marketing,
Cybersecurity, Mergers & Acquisitions, Risk management, and
Sustainability & ESG
16 | Notice of the 44th Annual General Meeting Infosys Limited
Instructions for participation through VC
Please follow the below steps for registration and participation.
Step 1: Access the VC portal by clicking this link: https://agm. System requirements for best VC experience
onwingspan.com/InfosysAGM or you could also join the AGM Internet connection: Broadband, wired or wireless (3G or 4G/LTE),
by visiting the investor page on our Company’s website, with a speed of 5 Mbps or more
www.infosys.com Microphone and speakers: Built-in or USB plug-in or wireless
Bluetooth
Step 2: Log in to join the VC session by using your DP ID and Client ID /
Browser:
Folio Number together with your PAN
Google Chrome: Version 90 or latest
a) Members with NSDL account: 8-character DP ID followed by
Microsoft Edge Chromium: Version 90 or latest
8-digit Client ID
Safari: Version 12 or latest
(For example, if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12******,
Internet Explorer: Not supported
then your user ID is IN300***12******).
Helpline numbers: +91-80- 4156 5555
b) Members with CDSL account: 16-digit Beneficiary ID (For
+91-80- 4156 5777
example, if your Beneficiary ID is 12**************, then your
user ID is 12**************).
c) Members with physical folio: ITL + Folio Number registered
with the Company
(For example, if your Folio Number is 0*****, then your user ID
is ITL0*****)
Note: Institutional / corporate shareholders are required to upload the Board Resolution / Authorization Letter authorizing its
representatives to attend the AGM through VC.
Step 3: Click ‘Enter’ to join the virtual AGM.
Step 4: Members can post questions either through chat or the video feature available in the VC. Members can exercise these options once
the floor is open for shareholder queries.
Step 5: Members who have not cast their vote on the resolutions through remote e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall
be eligible to vote through the e-voting system during the AGM by following the ‘Instructions for e-voting’.
General guidelines for VC participation
i. Members may note that the 44th AGM of the Company will be convened through VC in compliance with the applicable provisions of
the Act, read with the Circulars. The facility to attend the meeting through VC will be provided by the Company. Members may access
the same at https://agm.onwingspan.com/InfosysAGM.
ii. The facility of joining the AGM through VC will be opened 60 minutes before the scheduled start time of the AGM and will be
available for members on a first-come-first-served basis.
iii. The Company reserves the right to limit the number of members asking questions depending on the availability of time at the AGM.
iv. Members can participate in the AGM through their desktops / smartphones / laptops etc. However, for better experience and smooth
participation, it is advisable to join the meeting through desktops / laptops with high-speed internet connectivity.
v. Please note that participants connecting from mobile devices or tablets, or through laptops via mobile hotspot, may experience
audio / video loss due to fluctuation in their respective networks. It is therefore recommended to use a stable Wi-Fi or LAN
connection to mitigate any of the aforementioned glitches.
Infosys Limited Notice of the 44th Annual General Meeting | 17
Instructions for e-voting
The process to vote electronically on NSDL e-voting system consists of two steps:
Step 1: Access to the NSDL e-voting system
(A) Login method for e-voting for individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode
In terms of SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on e-voting facility provided by listed
companies, individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained
with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat
accounts in order to access e-voting facility.
Login method for individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders Login method
Individual shareholders holding securities in Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL, Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.
demat mode with NSDL com either on a personal computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click
on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section,
this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and Password. After successful
authentication, you will be able to see e-voting services under Value added services.
Click on “Access to e-voting” under e-voting services and you will be able to see e-voting
page. Click on company name or e-voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-
directed to e-voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-voting
period.
For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/
evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No.,
Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email id/
mobile number and click on login. After successful authentication, you will be redirected
to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name
or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of
NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting
& voting during the meeting.
If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://
eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at https://eservices.
nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
Visit the e-voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL:
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the
home page of e-voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter
your User ID (i.e. your 16-digit demat account number held with NSDL), Password/OTP
and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you
will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-voting page. Click
on company name or e-voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to
e-voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-voting period.
Shareholders / Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by
scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.
Individual shareholders holding securities in Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing
demat mode with CDSL user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-voting page without
any further authentication. The users to login Easi / Easiest are requested to visit CDSL
website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon and New System Myeasi Tab and
then use your existing my easi username and password.
18 | Notice of the 44th Annual General Meeting Infosys Limited
After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-voting option for
eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by
company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-voting page of
the e-voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-voting period.
Additionally, there are also links provided to access the system of all e-voting Service
Providers, so that the user can visit the e-voting service providers’ website directly.
If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL website
www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on
registration option.
Alternatively, the user can directly access e-voting page by providing Demat Account
Number and PAN from a e-voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page.
The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as
recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see
the e-voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly access the
system of all e-voting Service Providers.
Type of shareholders Login Method
Individual shareholders (holding securities in You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your
demat mode) logging in through their depository Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-voting facility. Upon logging in,
participants you will be able to see e-voting option. Click on e-voting option, you will be redirected to
NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-voting
feature. Click on company name or e-voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be
redirected to e-voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-voting
period.
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID / Password are advised to use “Forgot User ID” and “Forgot Password”
options available on the above-mentioned website.
Helpdesk for individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through
depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual shareholders holding Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at
securities in demat mode with NSDL evoting@nsdl.com or call 022-48867000
Individual shareholders holding Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at
securities in demat mode with CDSL helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call the toll-free number 1800-21-09911
B) Login method for e-voting and voting during the meeting for shareholders other than individual shareholders
holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode
How to Log-in to NSDL e-voting website?
1. Visit the e-voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a
Personal Computer or on a mobile.
2. Once the home page of e-voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section.
3. A new screen will open. Enter your User ID, Password / OTP and a verification code as shown on the screen. Alternatively, if you are
registered for NSDL e-services i.e. IDeAS, you can log in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDeAS login. Once you log in
to NSDL e-services using your login credentials, click on e-voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
4. Your User ID details are given below:
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat (NSDL Your User ID is:
or CDSL) or Physical
a) For members who hold shares in demat 8-character DP ID followed by 8-digit Client ID
account with NSDL For example, if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** then your User ID is
IN300***12******.
b) For members who hold shares in demat 16-digit Beneficiary ID For example, if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then your User ID
account with CDSL is 12**************
c) For members holding shares in physical EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the Company For example, if your
mode Folio Number is 001*** and EVEN is 133810 then your User ID is 133810001***
Infosys Limited Notice of the 44th Annual General Meeting | 19
5. Password details for shareholders other than individual shareholders are given below:
a. If you are already registered for e-voting, then you can use your existing password to log in and cast your vote.
b. If you are using NSDL e-voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ which was communicated
to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ for the system to prompt you to
change your password.
c. How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the Company, your ‘initial password’ is communicated to you on
your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf
file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8-digit Client ID for your NSDL account, or the last 8 digits
of your Client ID for CDSL account, or Folio Number for shares held in physical mode. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and
your ‘initial password’.
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those shareholders whose email
ids are not registered
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the ‘Initial password’ or have forgotten your password:
a. Click on ‘Forgot User Details / Password?’ (If you hold shares in your demat account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on
www.evoting.nsdl.com.
b. Physical User Reset Password? (If you hold shares in physical mode) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
c. If you are still unable to get the password by the above two options, you can send a request to evoting@nsdl.com mentioning
your demat account number / Folio Number, your PAN, your name and your registered address.
d. Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting their vote on the e-voting system of NSDL.
7. After entering your password, tick on “Agree with Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box.
8. Now, you will have to click on the ‘Login’ button.
9. After you click on the ‘Login’ button, the homepage of e-voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-voting system
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-voting system?
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are holding shares and whose voting
cycle.
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-voting period.
3. Now you are ready for e-voting as the Voting page opens.
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares for which you wish to cast
your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted.
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the confirmation page.
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote
General guidelines for shareholders
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the
relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are
authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to evoting@infosys.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional
shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter
etc. by clicking on “Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter” displayed under “e-voting” tab in their login.
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password
confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such
an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on
www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual for
Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on : 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to
evoting@nsdl.com, or contact Amit Vishal, Deputy Vice President, or Pallavi Mhatre, Senior Manager, National Securities Depository
Ltd., at the designated email ID: evoting@nsdl.com to get your grievances on e-voting addressed.
20 | Notice of the 44th Annual General Meeting Infosys Limited
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user id and password and
registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate
(front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhaar Card) by email to
investors@infosys.com & evoting@infosys.com.
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client
master or copy of Consolidated Account Statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAAR (self attested scanned
copy of Aadhaar Card) to investors@infosys.com & evoting@infosys.com. If you are an Individual shareholder holding securities in
demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-voting for Individual
shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
3. Alternatively, shareholders/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and password for e-voting by
providing above mentioned documents.
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020, on e-voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders
holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository
Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to
access e-voting facility.
Information at a glance
Particulars Details
Time and date of AGM 4:00 p.m. IST, Wednesday, June 25, 2025
Mode Video conference and other audio-visual means
Participation through video-conferencing https://agm.onwingspan.com/InfosysAGM
Helpline number for VC participation +91-80-4156 5555 / +91-80-4156 5777
Webcast and transcripts https://www.infosys.com/Investors/
Record date for the purpose of dividend Friday, May 30, 2025
Dividend payment date Monday, June 30, 2025
Information of tax on dividend https://www.infosys.com/investors/shareholder-services/dividend-tax.html
Cut-off date for e-voting Wednesday, June 18, 2025
E-voting start time and date 9:00 a.m. IST, Friday, June 20, 2025
E-voting end time and date 5:00 p.m. IST, Tuesday, June 24, 2025
E-voting website of NSDL https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/
Name, address and contact details of e-voting service Contact name:
provider Amit Vishal
Deputy Vice President
Pallavi Mhatre
Senior Manager
National Securities Depository Limited,
T301, 3rd Floor, Naman Chambers, G Block, Plot No- C-32, Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra East, Mumbai- 400051
Contact details:
Email ID’s:
amitv@nsdl.com
pallavid@nsdl.com
evoting@nsdl.com
Contact number: 022 - 4886 7000
Name, address and contact details of Registrar and Contact name:
Transfer Agent Shobha Anand
Vice President
KFin Technologies Limited,
Unit: Infosys Limited, Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32, Financial District, Nanakramguda,
Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad-500 032
Contact details:
Email ID’s:
shobha.anand@kfintech.com;
einward.ris@kfintech.com;
Contact number: 1800-309-4001
Infosys Limited Notice of the 44th Annual General Meeting | 21
Safe Harbor
This Annual Report contains ‘forward-looking statements’ within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events
or our future financial or operating performance and are based on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections
about the Company, our industry, economic conditions in the markets in which we operate, and certain other matters. Generally,
these forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as ‘anticipate’, ‘believe’, ‘estimate’,
‘expect’, ‘intend’, ‘will’, ‘project’, ‘seek’, ‘should’ and similar expressions. These statements are subject to substantial known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those implied
by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that may cause actual results or outcomes to differ from those implied by the
forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties relating to the execution of our business strategy,
increased competition for talent, our ability to attract and retain personnel, increase in wages, investments to reskill our employees, our
ability to effectively implement a hybrid work model, economic uncertainties and geopolitical situations, technological disruption and
innovations such as generative AI, complex and evolving regulatory landscape, including immigration regulation changes, ESG vision,
our Capital Allocation Policy and expectations concerning our market position, future operations, margins, profitability, liquidity, capital
resources and corporate actions including acquisitions, and the amount of any additional costs, resulting directly or indirectly from the
McCamish cybersecurity incident. These and additional factors that may cause actual results or outcomes to differ from those implied by
the forward-looking statements are discussed in the “Outlook, risks and concerns” and Risk management report sections in this Annual
Report and are discussed in detail in our Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. In the light of these and
other uncertainties, you should not conclude that the results or outcomes referred to in any of the forward-looking statements will be
achieved. All forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report are based on information and estimates available to us on the
date hereof, and we do not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements unless required to do so by law.
Designed by Communication Design Group, Infosys Limited.
© 2025 Infosys Limited, Bengaluru, India. Infosys acknowledges the proprietary rights in the trademarks and product names of other companies mentioned in this report.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
www.infosys.com